Timothy Sackton: And then we'll come back to oh, I I never wrote my intro. That's a guy. I' it
Timothy Sackton: with the Record Mirror visions from the
Timothy Sackton: from the forest, and then we'll come back to
Timothy Sackton: the current day as we approach
Timothy Sackton: late evening, and you pull out the Shadow Arm band to
Timothy Sackton: show you to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: So the first one was the M. Of terror.
Timothy Sackton: What do we need some music here?
Timothy Sackton: So what are you trying to.
Timothy Sackton: What is your
Timothy Sackton: question for the mirror about the mes of Terror?
Timothy Sackton: I was on the table.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I goggled it and everything.
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: I think
Timothy Sackton: you identified that it's not
You didn't
Timothy Sackton: learn much about it, it, it didn't
Timothy Sackton: There, wasn't any like obvious.
Timothy Sackton: you know it's not some like famous historical relic or something that you recognized.
Mike Sackton: I think we want to know as
Mike Sackton: ask it how it came to be acquired by its current owner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is it on. That's us.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: A good point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can't ask how is acquired by fasto?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get the story of how it came to be in fast as possession.
Riswynn: or even just
Mike Sackton: what's its relationship to?
Mike Sackton: We want to see any See, we want to. I don't not try to phrase the question, but any scenes that would involve. Fausto. What's what's the best day you ever had as a recent terror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's your favorite terror all day?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Somebody Somebody roll their roll of wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: It's not there.
Timothy Sackton: Kansas is pretty good at
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all, right? What about how much am I rolling?
Timothy Sackton: Just a wisdom check?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then you state
Eric Rosenbaum: the question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, plus 3
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice, 15 or 18.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So you you hold the
Timothy Sackton: You hold the
Timothy Sackton: May up to the
Timothy Sackton: up to the mirror, asking trying to understand something about how
Timothy Sackton: it's journey, how it got to the fastest, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, it's like. Tell me, tell me how you came in the possession of Fasto and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how you've been used.
Timothy Sackton: and the first thing you see
Timothy Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: a vision of
Timothy Sackton: what looks like
Timothy Sackton: in the middle of some massive war.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is just totally chaotic. There's
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: a a human man wearing plate farmer seems to be holding the mace, and
Timothy Sackton: there's
Timothy Sackton: rolls, hop goblins
Timothy Sackton: streaming over
Timothy Sackton: the the this. This person is standing in the the gates of of some sort of for like you. You can't see much, but you see, like a big gate and walls and
The
Timothy Sackton: trolls have this giant battering RAM, and are crashing through the gates. The Florida is basically in the process of being overrun.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: over the
Timothy Sackton: 30 s or so you see this scene.
Timothy Sackton: This night wielding this maze is forced back.
Timothy Sackton: some hob goblins leave leave from him. The the hob goblin troops seem to be
Timothy Sackton: unable to approach, but
Timothy Sackton: hub goblin spellcaster depths in front of the
Timothy Sackton: steps in the front of the gate, and and
Timothy Sackton: shoots a lightning vault, and it strikes the mace, and
Timothy Sackton: whoever was holding the maze falls over
Timothy Sackton: presumably dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: It strikes the mace itself.
Timothy Sackton: strikes them
Timothy Sackton: the entire. It's a giant lightning bolt. I'd like
Timothy Sackton: flashes from a spellcaster like the mace, the armor, the night everybody in between the Spotcaster and the night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's no music, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, sorry
Timothy Sackton: I was not sharing it.
Timothy Sackton: Here you go
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: another scene.
Timothy Sackton: you see
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: a human dressed in light armor.
Timothy Sackton: it traveling close.
Timothy Sackton: a woman wearing a sort of green brown
Timothy Sackton: leather armor, a bow strong on her back.
Timothy Sackton: A
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: pipes like pan pipes long on our side.
Timothy Sackton: She seems to be
Timothy Sackton: humming a low tune from what you just from her position. She's standing next to
Timothy Sackton: a dwarf, heavily armored.
Timothy Sackton: and they are
Timothy Sackton: both examining a skeleton
Timothy Sackton: in the same
Timothy Sackton: for it.
Timothy Sackton: apparently, but much later. It's overgrown, now covered in woods.
Timothy Sackton: and she, the woman points at the mace.
Timothy Sackton: and the dwarf
Timothy Sackton: just looks at it.
Timothy Sackton: picks it up.
Timothy Sackton: opens a small pouch like maybe this big just drops the mason, and it vanishes into the pouch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Both visions, any any kind of indicators of like what? When this is happening, like any, you know, based on garments, what people are wearing background?
Timothy Sackton: not really, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like based on the vision. Is it more Vhs, or as it kind of digital and pixelated? You know it's like eighties and nineties? You know any dwarf in cultural details recognizable
Eric Rosenbaum: on the dwarf.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, I mean, you know, dwarven cultural details don't change that quickly. I mean, this is definitely post-great war, these, this most recent scene.
Timothy Sackton: but whether it's 50 years ago or
Timothy Sackton: 2 years ago, the second scene
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was the first to have clearly, clearly a post-grade warrant or not part is out.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it was
Timothy Sackton: total chaos. Remember, you are seeing this from the
Timothy Sackton: perspective of the mace. So you're basically just seeing
Timothy Sackton: you're swinging around in that. It's like it's like a Really, it's like a it's like an amateur like super jerky
Timothy Sackton: action. Movie that's like filmed in the style that's supposed to be really
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: jerky and lots of cuts.
Mike Sackton: And then hold on in the second scene. Is there any clues as to where it
Mike Sackton: is on Talgar, like
Mike Sackton: mountains in the distance, sir.
Timothy Sackton: it's in a in a a forest seems to have grown over the fort.
Timothy Sackton: and you.
Timothy Sackton: but otherwise not really.
Timothy Sackton: And then just blackness until you see
Timothy Sackton: the same dwarf
Timothy Sackton: powered in
Timothy Sackton: or night.
Timothy Sackton: heavily armored dwarf
Timothy Sackton: taking the mace out of this bag
Timothy Sackton: in
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: sitting room the like lower floor.
Timothy Sackton: sort of entry dining hall of fast as tower
Timothy Sackton: and place and it on the table.
Timothy Sackton: and it looks like there's sort of a
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: speaking with Fasto Fastest is sitting there. There's kind of a
Timothy Sackton: not super pleasant conversation between the 2 of them.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: the dwarf turns and storms off, and motions, and you see there's like a
Timothy Sackton: in addition to the same
Timothy Sackton: woman. There is a
Timothy Sackton: a stone born fighter like, with a big sword slung over his back.
Timothy Sackton: And the 3 of them leave fast as tower together.
Timothy Sackton: and that's where they eat.
Timothy Sackton: Mirror fades.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we learned a little bit about what the thing does, so that's cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So presumably it was found by
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but by one of his treasure hunters like that dwarf is another one of his, like mercenary guys. It's like out there. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it doesn't map to any of the groups we know, but that doesn't mean anything in particular.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's the dwarf in a stormborn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I mean
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's not disagreement.
Eric Rosenbaum: It sounds like the mace
Eric Rosenbaum: strike steer.
Eric Rosenbaum: and its basic ability.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you knew that already from your goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was the other item that we got?
Timothy Sackton: Brother's eyes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: exciting? What do you want to know about Rawgar's eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So once again it's like, Well, what do we already know now? What we want to learn about is drink correlated?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How they come to be
Mike Sackton: like creation stories.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we know who did this to him?
Eric Rosenbaum: I just don't remember anything.
Mike Sackton: We you have the impression you don't miss it, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So like
Mike Sackton: creation would be back in Drake Orion days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or you, you look like you're going to say them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, it's just I. I'm remembering, Tim just said that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know we see from the perspective of the mace. So we could basically ask to see anything that Prallgar has ever seen in his entire life like that's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's a wide swath of things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's why i'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: how did he get captured?
Eric Rosenbaum: What was his elementary school like.
Riswynn: Well, he presumably wasn't blinded
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: favorite movies
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only in the theater.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe maybe like more practically, we could ask about how the eyes came to be no longer in his head.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, as a clue to how to get them back in again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like that's just going to be like he takes him and stuff and shops him back in. I don't think it's going to be that right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): On the other hand, if we're successful, getting them back in his head again. We can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can spend
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): days chatting with him about his experiences and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what drank or was like, and so on, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, okay, actually, it's a good point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because right now it's like some shit's fucked up right like, what? Wasn't there? Something about like how
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the tower or something is going on over there that's like messed up. So maybe we can learn something we can learn that'll help us in our more media quest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, how did the occulta ludum bind him?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe i'm looking back at session notes. Apparently. That is key
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the group that bound him.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that seems useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just had a terrible flashback to Mit when like we would take tests. And it was like if you showed up a class and actually, like, read the problem sets like the Professor would tell you what the answer was. But you just have to read the notes, and, like you just wouldn't read the notes you showed up for the task like fuck. I don't know anything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and use the session notes. The answers are all there. It's kind of true. I feel like Tim puts stuff in there that
it's helpful.
Yeah, he totally does.
Timothy Sackton: Well, now, it's all like searchable and and linkable.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it's. This is
Timothy Sackton: no excuses.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so make your wisdom, Jack
Timothy Sackton: Kenz out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on, miss, and check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Col. To Ludum is something like hidden player.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you hold up the eyes to the mirror, trying to see
Timothy Sackton: how they ended up this way.
Timothy Sackton: how they.
Timothy Sackton: how Hagar was bound and and caught.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the first thing that you see, as the mirror clears. First thing that you see is that the mirror?
Timothy Sackton: Normally it's just black transitions, but it almost looks like clouds are blowing away when you hold the eyes up to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: you see a workshop somewhere, not a not a place. You recognize from the tower. Not a room that you've been in before. It's big. It's bigger than you expected, and there's
Timothy Sackton: maybe a half a dozen people
Timothy Sackton: scurrying around like tapping, carefully, seeming to be crafting
Timothy Sackton: the eyes from
Timothy Sackton: something from stone, from
Timothy Sackton: jams.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: there are
Timothy Sackton: spells being cast.
Timothy Sackton: as these wizards and artificers work their
and
Timothy Sackton: polishing. They're sort of you, you know. You'll see this like
Timothy Sackton: i'm fine, you know. Cloth being rubbed over the surface of the eyes.
Timothy Sackton: things being painted on the eyes
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: just a sense, and it you get the sense. This is happening over weeks or months that slowly these things are being constructed.
Timothy Sackton: You don't see you don't miss much during this time. Occasionally he'll show up and walk through
Timothy Sackton: until
Timothy Sackton: the scene shift suddenly.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see
Timothy Sackton: the statue
Timothy Sackton: of Hagar's like face and upper part of his chest.
Timothy Sackton: Wearing
Timothy Sackton: this crown
Timothy Sackton: with the 5 stones that were missing that were taken by D and Dane and Auburn as well.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: and there's like lightning crackling in between these 5 stones like sparking between them.
Timothy Sackton: Creating this sort of web of
Timothy Sackton: like sparking, lightning energy over the top of the statue.
Timothy Sackton: And it's like You're looking directly at the statue.
Timothy Sackton: and there's there's a there's a spell being cast something because
Timothy Sackton: the statue is suddenly like slumped slowly like it almost becomes malleable, and you can see that the 2
Timothy Sackton: stones being
Timothy Sackton: these 2 stone highs being shoved
Timothy Sackton: into the statue.
Timothy Sackton: As it turns
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: something must be happening to it, because you know, these
Timothy Sackton: these stone eyes, or gem eyes, or whatever they are at this point are being just shoved into this solid stone.
Timothy Sackton: and as that happens, there's a
Timothy Sackton: massive strike of lightning.
Timothy Sackton: that hits the tower in your perspective.
Timothy Sackton: Shakes for a moment, and you can see you domest now
Timothy Sackton: standing there.
Timothy Sackton: you know, chanting some sort of magic.
Timothy Sackton: and as you do
Timothy Sackton: as you watch
Timothy Sackton: You can see
Timothy Sackton: you don't miss
Timothy Sackton: looking at you, and almost it almost looks like as he finishes this ritual whenever he's casting.
Timothy Sackton: he's now
Timothy Sackton: speaking to
Timothy Sackton: the statue. There's no
Timothy Sackton: other people in the room that you can see, and yet he begins
Timothy Sackton: to talk. Begins to
Timothy Sackton: you can't tell what he's saying, because there's no sound shit. I should have done this
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because I can read lips.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're all seeing the vision. Oh, we, of course. Yeah, I can read lips. What's he saying? Yeah, what's he saying? Can you speak, Jane Cor. Again?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I speak, drank Orion, or can anyone give me the ability to speak drank. Orion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can speak to an Aquarian.
Mike Sackton: Wait, I can. You can't read lips
Timothy Sackton: to this doesn't. Let you read lips of languages. You don't know it turns what somebody says into something understandable.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay, yeah, no. I can try and say that I had phonetic
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): baby. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know. Yeah, that
Timothy Sackton: make our intelligence, Jack?
Well, they
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is there perhaps a
print check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: natural, 20 natural, 20 natural 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, can I have inspiration before making that check?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! Because now inspiration is retroactive. Right?
Mike Sackton: Oh, my hold on! Can I cast the spell before he makes the check
Mike Sackton: guidance?
Timothy Sackton: no! Because this is happening.
Timothy Sackton: I guess after you leveled up.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no, you can't ratcon guidance. I'll let you through bartic inspiration because it's supposed to be a reaction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's a reaction. I'm like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it a. D. What is it?
Eric Rosenbaum: The 8? D. 8? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 8, 8,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 8,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 8.
Timothy Sackton: So the translation is not great.
Timothy Sackton: You get about like one word, and 3 or so
Timothy Sackton: one word in 4, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: it sounds almost like this is
Timothy Sackton: an argument
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: or maybe
Timothy Sackton: maybe a
Timothy Sackton: a promise something about an airship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! So who's he talking to?
Timothy Sackton: Apparently the stat You don't know you can't read the lips of where we stopped you.
Timothy Sackton: apparently the statue.
Timothy Sackton: and at the end it's sort of like
Timothy Sackton: Find that i'll keep you.
Mike Sackton: yeah, he wants the airship.
Timothy Sackton: and then the mirror fades.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something went terribly wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: met again. What happened to those binding stones?
Timothy Sackton: You have them. You're carrying them in the bag of holding.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have them. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You took them from you from from fast out.
Eric Rosenbaum: See? Our heist in our defense was actually pretty successful. We got everything we want.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we just gave up the dimension to the the Pandemonians call, but other than that, and our ability to ever go back to chart. But, like you know, whatever
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): separated pandemonium was going to collide with the material plane sooner or later.
Eric Rosenbaum: if you
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: we now return to
Timothy Sackton: the current day.
Timothy Sackton: where you now
Timothy Sackton: jumping ahead to our intro.
Timothy Sackton: let's get some.
Timothy Sackton: Where is my
Timothy Sackton: Oh, my God! I've got way. Too many Quit here. Okay, this this should work.
Timothy Sackton: jumping ahead to the plains of Dunmar, where you have
Timothy Sackton: reunited only hours ago.
Timothy Sackton: and spent
Timothy Sackton: the past 2 or 3 h over the campfire.
Timothy Sackton: catching up
Timothy Sackton: listening to the stories of
Timothy Sackton: your adventures in
Timothy Sackton: the islands and jungles of the East.
Timothy Sackton: the dwarven
Timothy Sackton: planes and shadow foul domains of Orcoln, the fay wilds
Timothy Sackton: and the
Timothy Sackton: forests and battlefields of the Great War far to the north.
Timothy Sackton: and also
Timothy Sackton: hearing from deal with news about what's happening
Timothy Sackton: in the world as you've been scattered
Timothy Sackton: to the 4 corners.
Timothy Sackton: The increasing tensions in Dunbar as
Timothy Sackton: Havar and Sarah prepare for war, and
Timothy Sackton: Johar
Timothy Sackton: speaks with nobody in Nihar.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: movements to the east, as garage prepares to march an army out of Carson somewhere
Timothy Sackton: moving east.
Timothy Sackton: presumably, or at least as far as you can infer, to
Timothy Sackton: recover the
Timothy Sackton: mantle of protection. The
Timothy Sackton: multicolored rainbow hewed cloak that
Timothy Sackton: shields the bearer from the god somehow.
Timothy Sackton: and hearing about
Timothy Sackton: your friends from Chardon, scattered some of them
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So Kansas's old mentor fleeing north somewhere where he
Timothy Sackton: has friends
Timothy Sackton: to an in
Timothy Sackton: malar.
Timothy Sackton: Give you a call
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: running south.
Timothy Sackton: heading across the Sea of storms for the
Timothy Sackton: great Unknown
Timothy Sackton: and Vola by magic or force.
Timothy Sackton: joining Cadmos.
Timothy Sackton: Cassian, Hector, and
Timothy Sackton: Antonia as they march across the plains of Dunbar, heading east.
Timothy Sackton: whether for you.
Timothy Sackton: for
Timothy Sackton: the mantle of protection, for garage or somewhere else.
Timothy Sackton: is unclear.
Timothy Sackton: But, as you realize belatedly to shift your conversation to telepathy.
Timothy Sackton: using seekers newly acquired magic.
Timothy Sackton: We start
Timothy Sackton: late at night at the campfire, as you
Timothy Sackton: prepare to.
Timothy Sackton: show
Timothy Sackton: the shadow armband of shamat that Delta acquired on one of the lost battlefields of the great War
Timothy Sackton: to the mirror before
Timothy Sackton: resting and preparing to hopefully
Timothy Sackton: cure some curses by divine magic in the morning
Timothy Sackton: before.
Riswynn: and I also gonna sending talk to
Timothy Sackton: Joe Horace.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yes.
Timothy Sackton: I think he would probably do that in the morning because it's
Timothy Sackton: fairly late at night at this point.
Riswynn: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you are gonna sending to Johar and also
Timothy Sackton: sending to Nias the
Timothy Sackton: the like disgrace. Drink quarantine tutor to ask about or sorry, Jace Chardonian to ask about drank Orian Empire Emperors.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, i'm not sure exactly
Timothy Sackton: why, but I guess
Timothy Sackton: you can ask him.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: we begin with
Timothy Sackton: the arm band of Shemat.
Timothy Sackton: and as you hold this up to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: what are you hoping to learn?
Mike Sackton: it's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: Just want to revisit the big bad from high school.
Mike Sackton: I think. Yeah, how it was made. We what we want to learn is about
Mike Sackton: how you shift between planes. Not so much what it was.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so the
Eric Rosenbaum: process of creation of it, or
Eric Rosenbaum: who
Eric Rosenbaum: our with?
Riswynn: I'm: not watching more
Riswynn: watching, more artificers do more stones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What we learn from that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Riswynn: there anything we need to know?
Timothy Sackton: Pick something.
Riswynn: Is there anything we need to know about? It's contemporary
Riswynn: magical objects are people that we've been trying to figure out about
Riswynn: because of any of the other stuff that we're working with left over from the Great War.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: also didn't these things come in pairs?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is there a question about the other one
Eric Rosenbaum: like
Mike Sackton: I don't think you know where the other one is. I don't know where it is.
Mike Sackton: I don't know of how we would
Mike Sackton: find out.
Riswynn: Do you both
Riswynn: based on our understanding of how they work. Both have to be intact for it to still be working.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no! This one works, Don't. You use that.
Riswynn: you know. But
Riswynn: does it work, despite the fact that the other one could have been destroyed?
Riswynn: Or does the other one have to exist? If this one exists?
Riswynn: Do we know that
you don't know that.
Riswynn: Can we ask if it remembers
Riswynn: losing its pair or something?
Riswynn: It could just be like, yeah, no, it's fine between us.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Sorry i'm a little tired. I'm having a hard time thinking of clever ideas.
Timothy Sackton: Not everything has to be a clever idea.
Timothy Sackton: You could just
Timothy Sackton: you don't have to look at something in the mirror right now.
Timothy Sackton: You could always let's just see how it was made.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did she make this thing? Do you get to see you. Yeah, let's just see how it was made.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or why don't we ask it? It's favorite.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because I I want to see it used right like I just made, but like, how is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like we want to ask it like its top 5 most important times of its life
Riswynn: for its first voyage. So somebody learning how to use it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's good. That's kind of like that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, first time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do, I do a wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we've got a inspiration
Eric Rosenbaum: as a reaction if needed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we're not going to need that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Then I will cast guidance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: They add a. D 4.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I add a these
minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, here.
4, 20.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you hold up the mirror trying to see something of its
Timothy Sackton: first use or its first
Timothy Sackton: first trip.
Timothy Sackton: The mirror, as
Timothy Sackton: usual, goes black.
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: you see for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: this
Timothy Sackton: or maybe
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: vast store in some underground Rome lit by
Timothy Sackton: flickering lanterns where there are
Timothy Sackton: you know, weapons of all kinds, swords
Timothy Sackton: axes, glaze palms, armor.
Timothy Sackton: and being
Timothy Sackton: driven dragged
Timothy Sackton: into this
Timothy Sackton: into this room, you see 2 cancue
Timothy Sackton: Iron bands on their wrists.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty disheveled looking!
Timothy Sackton: There was a hob goblin.
Timothy Sackton: We sort of
Timothy Sackton: poking them with a spear
Timothy Sackton: as they go
Timothy Sackton: And stepping out of the shadows in front of
Timothy Sackton: the arm band in front of the 2.
Timothy Sackton: that you can queue.
Timothy Sackton: is a man
Timothy Sackton: a tall
Timothy Sackton: 6, 7 foot tall.
Timothy Sackton: wearing a black cloak, shattering his face
Timothy Sackton: around sort of
Timothy Sackton: tall black leather boots.
Timothy Sackton: chain, male armor.
Timothy Sackton: but looks more decorative than anything else.
Timothy Sackton: and red eyes.
Timothy Sackton: and he picks up
Timothy Sackton: the arm band.
Timothy Sackton: and he hands that to one of them.
Timothy Sackton: and does something magical like waves his hand, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: and then gives the hop Goblin a brief.in the hull. Government
Timothy Sackton: puts the
Timothy Sackton: the spear down, and the one who took the armband
Timothy Sackton: and the other one as well. The 2 of them scurry out of the room.
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: then, from the perspective of the arm band
Timothy Sackton: taking off
Timothy Sackton: in the in the
Timothy Sackton: courtyard of this castle, and then
Timothy Sackton: flying up.
Timothy Sackton: seeing the land below you. A row of black mountains
Timothy Sackton: dark
Timothy Sackton: snow on some peaks
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: one which has
Timothy Sackton: lava flowing down from the side.
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: castle now getting smaller sort of set on the side of these mountains, and you can see vast camps.
Timothy Sackton: army camps. A raise must be
Timothy Sackton: 10,000
Timothy Sackton: troops, maybe more, just in rows next to this this castle.
Timothy Sackton: and as you fly higher.
Timothy Sackton: you can see that this is just one of many
Timothy Sackton: fortresses.
Timothy Sackton: Laid along the border of this land
Timothy Sackton: you keep flying.
Timothy Sackton: heading
Timothy Sackton: east now.
Timothy Sackton: like following the line of mountains, runs west, to east, east, to west, you're following the line of the mountains
and
Timothy Sackton: flying over these
Timothy Sackton: just land that is
Timothy Sackton: prepared for war.
Timothy Sackton: many
Timothy Sackton: armies, many like
Timothy Sackton: 3 or 4 other forts, with the same number of troops, same size camps next to them, until you come to sort of a
Timothy Sackton: flat area high up
Timothy Sackton: on
Timothy Sackton: a sort of ledge of one of these
Timothy Sackton: sort of in the foothills.
Timothy Sackton: and you land
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: the armband sort of clatters to the ground for a moment until
Timothy Sackton: it's picked up and
yes.
Timothy Sackton: placed on
Timothy Sackton: the arm of one of these.
Timothy Sackton: one of these kin to, and you can see these like little black
Timothy Sackton: tendrils, sort of creep up from the
Timothy Sackton: armband and embed themselves in the
Timothy Sackton: in the flesh of this creature.
Timothy Sackton: until
Timothy Sackton: suddenly.
Timothy Sackton: with a
Timothy Sackton: not really any.
Timothy Sackton: It's just 1 min. It's not there. The next minute it is. You can see
Timothy Sackton: the side of this mountain.
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: pool of darkness.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you step in
Timothy Sackton: and see just this flat.
Timothy Sackton: black, expansive shadow.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing there except in the distance you see
Timothy Sackton: what seems like a deeper darkness like this is twilight. This is gray.
Timothy Sackton: and in the distance there's something black.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the other kancou, the one not wearing
Timothy Sackton: wearing the armband. You step out as the
Timothy Sackton: Father Kenk, who begins walking through the shadowland.
Timothy Sackton: and then the vision ends
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into the for the armies like did it. But was there any geography that looked familiar, for like where that was
Timothy Sackton: nowhere, you've ever been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seasons, winter.
summer.
Timothy Sackton: Some are but far, you know, in a place tall enough mountains are far enough north, so that the mountains are
Timothy Sackton: permanently ice covered some of the mountains, anyway.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I judge where that might be? Just based on general geographic notch?
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: far, fairly far north.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it match a specific volcano?
Timothy Sackton: not that any of you are aware of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this doesn't super matter for the purposes of this campaign.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it does, because we're going to throw objects into a volcano. Right?
I mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Paris the sceptre of the separate powers
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: after we build it and conquer Talgar. You're late. I mean it's Sherman's pace right? That's like the part of the North right?
Timothy Sackton: And I heard it was called.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pandar was the home that came to
Timothy Sackton: the Kenko were enslaved by Shabbat. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that was Aaron's whole thing is freeing the Kennedy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? I think they
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): at least at the end of that, a trite they claim to as their homeland.
Timothy Sackton: No, they will have the moved. On the other side of the mountains
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): was Pennsylvania, and I was on the west, the ken who moved on the east
Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the shadowy place? Does that match anything we know of?
Timothy Sackton: I mean. It looks familiar to deal with
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: The shadow realm.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I had another question. The
Eric Rosenbaum: The transition into the vision was different for one of them for the eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: and that showed you domus himself, and that's the only one, probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: which that's been true. I don't know if those 2 things are related.
Eric Rosenbaum: But he, we think, created this mirror. Is that true?
Timothy Sackton: That's what you think. Yeah.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton: so with
Timothy Sackton: pleasant dreams of
Timothy Sackton: vast armies and
Timothy Sackton: enslaved ken and
Timothy Sackton: shadow realms!
Timothy Sackton: We go to sleep
Timothy Sackton: waking in the morning
Timothy Sackton: to a
Timothy Sackton: even so, this far East it's still fairly deserty. But what rains come have fallen in the past few months. And so there's, you know, flowers in bloom across the
Timothy Sackton: landscape. The waters of the
Timothy Sackton: of the last light falls, you know, support like a little oasis almost in the desert Here
Timothy Sackton: the camp
Timothy Sackton: that deal with and Rizman have made as
Timothy Sackton: homey. But
Timothy Sackton: it's 230 miles
Timothy Sackton: basically due west to you. Dummy's to you don't miss this tower.
Timothy Sackton: It's also known as Storm Collar Tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Add some caller
Timothy Sackton: dorm caller
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like caller
Timothy Sackton: like.
Timothy Sackton: Hello.
Mike Sackton: the person who calls the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's a star. He's a story. The double meaning of it is good, though, because Buffy calls it, and he colors it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's also the story that's been called caller
Eric Rosenbaum: around it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
this.
Timothy Sackton: So as you wake.
Timothy Sackton: get breakfast ready.
Timothy Sackton: What is your what is your sort of goal for travel. Here Are you trying to avoid people? Are you trying to
Timothy Sackton: go as fast as you can? Are you trying to find people and talk to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, first thing we want to stay hidden, we're going to make a travel plans using My.
Mike Sackton: but but I think we go as fast as we can, staying out of the way.
Mike Sackton: We do not want to get sucked into it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we look at them up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but before we do any of that, and Risman uncurs me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice.
Timothy Sackton: yes, so if you recall the way. What Motu had told you to free yourself is
Timothy Sackton: You need the spell. Greater restoration.
Timothy Sackton: and you need to sacrifice
Timothy Sackton: something of meaning to you
Timothy Sackton: which you had suggested that horn of silent alarm that you've been carrying for almost a year now
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: resident can attempt to cure you.
Riswynn: Is the horn of silent alarm instead of a big mound of diamond dust or
Timothy Sackton: no, in addition to.
Riswynn: But you said I had that.
Timothy Sackton: yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So at Don Richmond, and I set off to a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beautiful outcropping overlooking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: brings forth
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the first item, one of the first items from our travel that has been significant to him from this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: chapter of his life. So much has changed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: since when I,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when this this foreigners first acquired.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he gives it to Rizwin, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sits prayerfully and closes his eyes.
Riswynn: also sits carefully and closes.
Riswynn: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: make a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this would be like a spell of tech. So at the top of your spouse there's like a button that, says Stella. Pack it's just your wisdom, plus your proficiency
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all about it.
Timothy Sackton: It's not an attack. It's just a it's just a
Timothy Sackton: spout casting ability check, but including your proficiency.
Can I do guidance?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, You can offer your prayers, too. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: I can't remember which. Ta: She is the guidance she
write it down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker will stand by to react inspirationally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Kenza will actually also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tens of will actually, as a part of this, take
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this this sacred ceremony to incurs himself. We'll actually take one of the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one of the fine pieces of wood.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and we'll take it up. Take a chunk of it, and part
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: little runes representing the different Dunmari gods, and then also on the back side, a runes for that he learns from the wizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: representing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what to Langau and
Mike Sackton: Dallas will take some of the
Mike Sackton: ash from the hearth
Mike Sackton: and offer it up to Batali. The spirit of harlots and houses.
Mike Sackton: and ask them to to watch over Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how
Timothy Sackton: we all go.
Timothy Sackton: Your it's on d 20, plus 9, plus one d 4, plus possibly 28.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You talking to Kenzo or me.
Timothy Sackton: you
Riswynn: me.
Riswynn: I don't just hit the cast button on greater restoration. Well do that, too.
Riswynn: Do that first
Riswynn: virtual tabletop, not found. Did it still work?
Timothy Sackton: Yes. But then you've got a role.
Riswynn: Okay, Rule One d 20.
Riswynn: Well, that's not good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you get
Riswynn: that's you
Timothy Sackton: plus 9 stuff and 11
Timothy Sackton: plus guidance. So add a d 4.
Timothy Sackton: See, this is high-level parties how high can you make. So that's a 15 now, plus your
Timothy Sackton: one, the 8
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: team effort.
Timothy Sackton: There you go. It's a 21
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is why we walk together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that literally was all of our powers combined.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you begin to cath the spell on this, the horn of silent alarm
Timothy Sackton: begins to flicker.
Timothy Sackton: You can see all of you actually, who are there can see now like become visible this like
Timothy Sackton: this like black chain that's wrapped around Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: as Rizmann offers her prayer. It begins.
Timothy Sackton: It begins to disintegrate, and it's. It's sort of flickering in and out
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: seeker, and then
Timothy Sackton: all the all the prayers to all the gods, the dwarving gods, the
Timothy Sackton: Ponti, the dun Mari God, everybody isn't doing quite enough.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker just kind of reaches out, and with your room
Timothy Sackton: as this
Timothy Sackton: dwarven ruin just kind of floats over and touches the chain.
Timothy Sackton: the 2 links where the ruin this
Timothy Sackton: ruin touches. It just snaps, and then the entire thing. Just disintegrates quickly all around Kenzo, and the horn vanishes in a flash.
Timothy Sackton: Then you are uncursed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo kind of stumbles forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: feeling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: significantly lighter and unburdened, and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, looks gratefully at his companions and at Risman for
for helping to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ease his burden
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and release this darkness from his soul.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is that chain doing to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a very real way?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've been touched by garage through that chain.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It was. It was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when Motua confronted Garage, as he was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: engaging on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unholding means of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: coercing the debt as they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're leaving the spirit realms.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Motu
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was cursed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and through my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: through my
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my work with Motua I I also became cursed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So thank you again. Riz went, and
all for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unburdening me. That was highly unpleasant
Riswynn: over at this beautiful site of prayer. Should I
Riswynn: rolla
Riswynn: long distance, have to our prayer?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can do it once per day.
Timothy Sackton: What what do I roll for that the percentile device, the 100
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: d 100. What's that? What's you need to roll
10 or lower
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Roll 2,
Riswynn: 36, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where the dice rolls appearing. I don't see them on the roll. 20
Timothy Sackton: I've made. I'm: not in a role 20. They're not in one. It's funny. They're popping up in D and d beyond. If you click on your deed. If you click on game log.
Mike Sackton: they don't show up in my game log on D and and beyond
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim and I have a spousal d and d beyond.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, i'm seeing it, i'm seeing no
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where. Where are the goers? The game. Lock
Timothy Sackton: Go to your character sheet, and you should see the campaign chat button quick. I see i'm in there. Got it awesome. I don't. I don't see it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see it
Timothy Sackton: Really, that's weird.
Timothy Sackton: Huh! I don't know what's wrong with it like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's okay, you know. Are you sure you're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he claims that he's no longer in the shadow round, but where the dice rolling
Mike Sackton: together, and over it says, there are no roles for your campaign.
Timothy Sackton: I like reloading D and me beyond, or something
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: deal with has been logged out of this plane of existence
Timothy Sackton: exactly like that.
Timothy Sackton: so that the
Timothy Sackton: the bars out did not hear your prayer to
Mike Sackton: maybe because my
Timothy Sackton: keep talking.
Timothy Sackton: However, if you want to count sending, you had also talked about doing that.
Riswynn: Yeah.
Riswynn: I was just my priorities were Kenzo Have jar
Riswynn: to
Timothy Sackton: sure
Riswynn: Johar.
Riswynn: anyway. So a 25 for dish message to Johar along the lines of
Riswynn: Tell us what is barring your success or something like that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Something like that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Somebody somebody character 25 for me. Because Jar is not necessarily savvy in the ways i'm sending
Timothy Sackton: and just say stock when I get to 25
Timothy Sackton: ris, when.
Timothy Sackton: thank God.
Timothy Sackton: thank the gods!
Timothy Sackton: It was only
Timothy Sackton: 2 weeks ago that
Timothy Sackton: the 9 Carnos
Timothy Sackton: agreed to speak, and I've been waiting now for
Timothy Sackton: somebody from Chardon.
Timothy Sackton: A wizard.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry. Sorry I've been. I've been waiting now with it. Sorry is muted. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's all you get
Riswynn: you. Next time i'll tell him.
Riswynn: Give me some more instructions.
Mike Sackton: What can you cast it again?
Riswynn: Can I have but multiple times a day. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: as just spell Slots
Riswynn: little spell slots. We're gonna ride.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we do it again tonight. How about that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right before our long rest?
Timothy Sackton: The no more sending now.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you set out
Timothy Sackton: heading
Timothy Sackton: west across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: riding through or I guess walking. None of you have horses at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Jason might have a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with Baxter. I should be like scouting ahead, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, steering us around other people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know that I can spot on the horizon and stuff like that. But can we just like go really fast? Do you like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza can fly?
Timothy Sackton: We can cast, fly, and like, there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we're walking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many miles?
Timothy Sackton: 230?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the fuck
Timothy Sackton: we we have to find a way to walk faster.
Timothy Sackton: You can walk like
Timothy Sackton: 2530 miles a day, right? I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the Kento can run.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not everyone has like long legs, you know.
Riswynn: I mean, I can. We can always convert transport.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know we can put you in the mirror. And I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this Baxter can go we could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a great idea, actually like, Why, don't we all hop in the mirror? And then just
Riswynn: can my pony hop in the mirror?
Eric Rosenbaum: How many mirror slots have we got available
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like 7, 6, or 7, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 6, or 7,
Timothy Sackton: but also I mean that's not really going to make you go a ton faster. Right? I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Baxter can't gallop for
Timothy Sackton: 10 h.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: it's not like it, Perry. I mean the main. The main benefit of courses is, You can carry a ton more stuff, but
Timothy Sackton: you know you've got the portable hole so you can carry
Timothy Sackton: It's not going to really speed you up that much to all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. We'll walk. Enjoy the view.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you know you can. You can go
Timothy Sackton: thirty-ish miles a day, but it's still going to take you
Timothy Sackton: it's going to take you a week, right? I mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: little more than a week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are we in such a large?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I use the catapult spell to launch the whole app myself. Sign up inside of it, and then it flies straight, and then I get out and do that again.
Timothy Sackton: So you you continue
Timothy Sackton: walking quickly. Well be scouting ahead. You're still pretty far East at this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The only thing
Timothy Sackton: it's in role 20, are. Are you?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, isn't it? Oh, no, Sorry you're not on the map here. Now you're on.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if they were oh, man, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: back here again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So we've got to cross this. There's a road
Eric Rosenbaum: to Kara.
Mike Sackton: I mean. We're going pretty close to Ravens Hold.
Thanks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck we are!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wonder what's going on there? Sad question.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's the city of Kunda?
Timothy Sackton: I mean that's where Jacquard is from?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean well be like we could do a little fly-by?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He is going on it's it's definitely at least worth looking. Right? Yeah, I think we I think we make for ravens
Eric Rosenbaum: I love. By the way, how we talk so much about, maybe going to the Fay walled portal, and it's where we came out in the end instead of going in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, very smart, Tim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it just goes straight to Carson.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're actually closer to that. You don't Miss Tower. No, we're not ready for that yet.
Timothy Sackton: But if you get the I mean applying castle's got to be able to go at least
Timothy Sackton: 100.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is him telegraphing the castle thing so much? Is he? No, we're going to the castle
Mike Sackton: basically if he wants us to do.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, suggest to pointing out Carson was really close, and you were like this closed, being like, No, let's go to Carson.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm just reminding you
Eric Rosenbaum: all right
Timothy Sackton: now.
Timothy Sackton: The first. The first couple of days passed relatively uneventfully. You get into a routine of
Timothy Sackton: standing and
Timothy Sackton: sending in the morning and night. So
Timothy Sackton: You you come to
Timothy Sackton: tap
Timothy Sackton: about 30 miles west, and
Timothy Sackton: cast again, talking to to Johar as deal with his cooking dinner.
Timothy Sackton: getting across the message that he's got to be brief.
Timothy Sackton: and so he says,
Timothy Sackton: 9 carness suspicious!
Timothy Sackton: They're a creation of a
Timothy Sackton: some evil hag. He says.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't, trust me.
Timothy Sackton: wants
Timothy Sackton: Wizard with true seeing
Timothy Sackton: and Misdiagar to verify
Timothy Sackton: magistrate is sending someone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So if we get started coming to what the name of that wizard is.
Eric Rosenbaum: E?
Eric Rosenbaum: So it who's suspicious of who?
Riswynn: The other leader?
Riswynn: Who doesn't Trust her? It doesn't just
Riswynn: Joe. Far
Riswynn: right.
Yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: cornice.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it was something about creation of Agata who was like
Riswynn: It's kind of it's kind of accusing Sara of yeah, creating a gata of being a creation of
Eric Rosenbaum: right which seems not likely to be true, but
Mike Sackton: not likely to be true, but also vaguely plausible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of understand why I get there.
Timothy Sackton: so we'll meet, sir, right
Timothy Sackton: now you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like how to? Oh, that's what that's what Joe are saying.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and where how do we know? Where is he getting that information?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't know how he knows it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who is pulling the strings there.
Timothy Sackton: So the next morning
Timothy Sackton: you continue in your routine, riding across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: praying to the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and roll your
Timothy Sackton: 200
Riswynn: wrong windows
Riswynn: so close.
Timothy Sackton: very less.
Timothy Sackton: and casting, casting, sending again to speak with.
Timothy Sackton: speak with Johar
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we describe team cat most and try and get a sense of their
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): trajectory?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good idea. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's kind of. Actually I should. I'm going to scry them every night
Mike Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we can scram a couple of times and never cat most, because he doesn't he never.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But didn't. We have our own solution for how we're going to protect ourselves from getting shrine? Let me come up with something clever in the last last last adventure.
Timothy Sackton: Telepathy.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I won't prevent you from being scryed, but we'll prevent somebody from spying on. But
Mike Sackton: try over the course of.
Mike Sackton: and everybody none of us are really good at astronomy, are they? Are we?
Mike Sackton: It'd be too hard to tell. Anyway. I was just thinking from the stars. Could I tell their latitude. One.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, nice! Oh, that's cool.
Mike Sackton: But I doubt any of us actually could.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bobby. Well, we might be able to. I mean, he has
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): ocean navigation
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): history. And
Riswynn: yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's easier to describe them at night because I can
Timothy Sackton: scry a lot. But you won't be able to see the stars.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could see, like the moon position
Timothy Sackton: potentially scrying Isn't a.
Timothy Sackton: It's not a it's not a You can't control the eyes always pointed at the person you're scribing.
Timothy Sackton: It's not like you can't like look around.
Mike Sackton: So how does it creating a location?
Timothy Sackton: You pick a place and it's
Timothy Sackton: It's like a security camera at a fixed location same way. Clairvoyance works. But there's no range limitation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can see and hear through the sensor as if you were there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You don't. You don't read that to me
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): look
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a full range of motion.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The sensor moves with the target.
Timothy Sackton: I I like it, which is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when we spread grush. It's not like we couldn't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): look 360 degrees right.
Timothy Sackton: I think
Timothy Sackton: I think if you
Timothy Sackton: you're already stretching the bans of scrying by casting it like
Timothy Sackton: 100 times
Timothy Sackton: 3, 4 times 8 times a day.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
Timothy Sackton: It targets a
Timothy Sackton: it's it's targeting it's within 10 feet of the target. It always remains within 10 feet of the target.
Timothy Sackton: The intention is to spy on the tart, not to
Timothy Sackton: not to like. Put an invisible eye somewhere that can look around in 360 directions, but I think that makes the spell too powerful. But a number of times we're trying.
Timothy Sackton: It feels like every once, every handful of times we get some indication about location, right? Yeah. Oh, you definitely get clues to location. I I haven't I've certainly given you plenty of clues like
Timothy Sackton: the ground around. Somebody like you could see landmarks in the distance. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: but I think I think.
Timothy Sackton: treating it as a
Timothy Sackton: 300 sixty-degree sensor of where a person is is a little too powerful.
Mike Sackton: That's fine
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there.
Mike Sackton: But then there's not a huge advantage in
Mike Sackton: trying to scry.
Mike Sackton: I'm not going to try that hard to scry
Mike Sackton: at night. It's crying at nights less useful than during the day. Right?
Mike Sackton: Which makes it harder because I don't want to
Mike Sackton: be unprepared for
Timothy Sackton: something that might have something that might happen
Timothy Sackton: so. But you're still gonna over the course of the past 2 days. You've been traveling. You're still going to make an attempt to. Yes, I will. I will scry just a couple of times.
Mike Sackton: you know, once before, once, and once
Mike Sackton: after dinner.
Mike Sackton: vola!
Mike Sackton: Actually, what I count is. Vol: I'm. Probably more familiar with right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to target Vola
Mike Sackton: pretty consistently.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you don't know. I don't think you know the target. Well.
Timothy Sackton: the gradations of familiarity. Yeah, pretty fine.
Mike Sackton: But we can have a picture of her
Mike Sackton: seeker could draw a nice picture, right?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: sure. I mean you could have a picture of any of them.
Riswynn: Okay, we can have wooden statues of them stone statues of them.
Timothy Sackton: What's your?
Mike Sackton: I?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So first attempt first day your scribing attempt on Vola fails
Timothy Sackton: can try. You can't try it again
Mike Sackton: until the next day. Wow! But i'll try if it fails my next crying
Mike Sackton: Now we never met Hector.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Who's there? This Cassian who's the one I subscribe successfully. Cassian a few times.
Timothy Sackton: No, Hector, I mean you met him just as much as he did anybody else. Fair enough. Yeah, I'll try, Hector. He probably has
Timothy Sackton: there
Timothy Sackton: traveling
Timothy Sackton: You see, you do see Hector, and the sort of late afternoon before you may, you know, while you're making camp
Timothy Sackton: they are traveling
Timothy Sackton: same time as
Timothy Sackton: it is for you. So not too far east or west of you.
Timothy Sackton: heading
Timothy Sackton: where they are as much more deserted than where you are.
Timothy Sackton: Hector is. Seems to be scouting ahead silently with
Timothy Sackton: well, the 2 of them walking like looking for a good place to camp, and it's.
Timothy Sackton: you know this is getting into.
Timothy Sackton: This is fairly deserty territory. It's much more like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, around where
Timothy Sackton: Pava and Ovarus live, or or agata that sort of terrain then up north here where it's much more plains.
Timothy Sackton: so they seem to be some distance south of you.
Timothy Sackton: They're not currently. They're not talking to each other. They're just walking and sort of
Timothy Sackton: looking full and sort of on the lookout for
Timothy Sackton: danger, and Hector is kind of looking around
Timothy Sackton: trying to find some sort of shelter spot to camp in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we have a sense where they're going?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, Well like what cardinal direction are they headed in back there? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: they're definitely headed east.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, based on what you know of
Timothy Sackton: topography, the geology and geography of Dunmar Lake.
Timothy Sackton: A week ago or so they were in.
Timothy Sackton: They were in the har they were crossing. They were in the Haar River valley.
Timothy Sackton: Now. They're in desert. That means they're going east.
Timothy Sackton: but where exactly east
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're going east, and there's some distance that we do, and they we think that there are some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's some place we point west of us right now.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know it could be due south of you. For all you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, what are we like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like we because we're we're going west right now. Yeah, you're You could be doing this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or we could be doing this
Timothy Sackton: Well, there there are.
Timothy Sackton: based on the geography of Dunm. They are definitely a fair bit south of you
Timothy Sackton: okay, whether they're planning on turning north to intercept you.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: And there are
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): going overland
Timothy Sackton: There's not really. I mean, there's very few roads in Denmark.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, it's so true that care was.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's they're not on the token to
Timothy Sackton: they're south of that.
all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can take it over zone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm looking forward to it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yup, Did we have this one last time we thought that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we still got fucked up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, we were almost there, man, we were almost there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The secret was They were not all present, but but we were almost there.
Timothy Sackton: and you had. I mean, we were down with spell slots, because we were all in pretty. We were sort of in pretty bad shape. We were in very bad shape. We were arrested.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They had all the advantages.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: so the next day continues much the same.
Timothy Sackton: Falling into the routine.
Timothy Sackton: Riz went and wakes up and praised the the gods to ask them to remove the curse on Hovedar.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: not this morning. No answer.
Timothy Sackton: And you
Timothy Sackton: speak with Johar again. Who says.
Timothy Sackton: I I will.
Timothy Sackton: I'm summoned to speak with Carnos today.
I
Timothy Sackton: I can say more later
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: Wizard came.
Timothy Sackton: and a misdiagnosed
Timothy Sackton: visited me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and that's basically all he gets across.
Timothy Sackton: He was never introduced
Timothy Sackton: a wizard from Jordan
Riswynn: credentialed him
Timothy Sackton: so as you
Timothy Sackton: as you ride across
Timothy Sackton: the plans.
Timothy Sackton: Baxter, and well be sort of circling ahead.
Timothy Sackton: you see.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): i'll
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): say telepathically to everyone
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or ogres in the canyon ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See this time i'm not just trotting over to say hello to them
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this time. I'm: reporting back first.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Look at this growth
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out of growth.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good.
Mike Sackton: I just
Mike Sackton: now never mind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they around them here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scared around them.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't seem that difficult.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I pretty.
Mike Sackton: Is it odd to see 4 ogres just randomly in a canyon out here?
Timothy Sackton: You've seen them before? I mean
Mike Sackton: right. I guess that's
Mike Sackton: we should just go past them.
No point in fighting them.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we remember our
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: our party, Mantra.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The side bus is always the main one. All right. Go around
Timothy Sackton: you take a detour around them
Timothy Sackton: quite easy.
Timothy Sackton: given, you know. Well these
Timothy Sackton: skill, and you know, just scouting and everything, and you know they don't
Timothy Sackton: they don't spot you at all.
Timothy Sackton: You go back to the party. You lead them a little way south.
Timothy Sackton: past the rise of the land.
Timothy Sackton: A. You know a good
Timothy Sackton: you know, a good few miles south of them.
Timothy Sackton: Easy to avoid
Timothy Sackton: and come now another
Timothy Sackton: 30 miles.
Timothy Sackton: So having gone about 90 miles total.
Timothy Sackton: You are now
Timothy Sackton: approaching Ravens Hole. You're You're maybe a little bit
Timothy Sackton: a day and a half travel from Ravensold.
Timothy Sackton: and that evening, speaking with Johar
Timothy Sackton: he says.
Timothy Sackton: 9 carnos
Timothy Sackton: paranoid.
Timothy Sackton: says
Timothy Sackton: Sura, brought by foreigners from the lair of an evil witch
Timothy Sackton: evidence
Timothy Sackton: that Agata planned to replace me with a puppet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clever!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What did the mist? I say?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a good idea. Back. Can we do something with the monks.
Timothy Sackton: which months you can only cast something on people who you've met.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that Richmond's met, or that that ris one's. Matt: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did Rizmann meet any of the monks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the have the
Riswynn: the guy who made the whole
Timothy Sackton: yeah resolution met like like Bossu, the guy who made the part of a hole, and
Timothy Sackton: Laura and
Timothy Sackton: probably Rishi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. Yeah, let's do sending to one of them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and ask ask what's going on with the monks? That's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or is that, Stephen? It's worth, I mean, there's no downside. If we get nothing, we get nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way. Should we not go to Ravens full cause we're definitely getting scried upon. If we actually go to like a location that's obvious where we are, want everybody to be like. Oh, they're agreed on right now and then, like, Send all the fucking demons and shit.
That's good
Riswynn: good point
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like me
Mike Sackton: Here it and scout it right exactly. We go near it, and then, like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we do some invisibility, some flying, and we like scattered out. But we don't actually all go as a party and just walk over right. That's a really good cool
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stay in the nondescript plane lands. Yeah, exactly like. Well, when we're when we're walking around, we stay just where the hell are. They just like just like Cadmos and team. We're like we're not sure where they are, but they're somewhere in Gammar, you know so we could rock in that. But that's probably why they're doing it that way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, I mean, we all know it's like we know that they know that we know the data that we know that they know that we're string on them. And so right if we all know.
Riswynn: So we so we just talk telepathy all the time and sing loud dwarfish songs, and well, they're talking to vocal cords going. Yeah, Have we ever heard them talk the entire time. We scried on them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10
Timothy Sackton: down with us. Let them talk. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay. Are they revealing their secret plans?
Mike Sackton: They were starting to, and then they detected me scrying on them and stopped
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: recently
Timothy Sackton: a little while. Yeah, it was like a week and a half ago or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But since we've been on this this this this week's journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, not on this week's journey.
Riswynn: since the detectives crying they've mummed up a bit.
Riswynn: Wow! we're just coincidentally. They've only been in pairs of ones and twos Who weren't that'd be, Anyway.
Mike Sackton: I think. Vol. One
Mike Sackton: hector are both a bit.
Mike Sackton: not
Mike Sackton: themselves
Riswynn: right. They're they're they're they're they're not a lot between the years there. So
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: over the course of the next couple of days next day and a half, if you want to make another
Timothy Sackton: divine intervention role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I think we also maybe want to try sending to the monks and see yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see if we can learn anything about the the Civil War
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like what's what's the what's the monk's position on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sara versus Carnos?
Timothy Sackton: So I mean they
Timothy Sackton: are are happy to hear from
Timothy Sackton: Rizzard and happy to hear that jar is alive, and his meeting with Carnos.
Timothy Sackton: which is news to Laura.
Timothy Sackton: they.
Timothy Sackton: you know, I think they
Timothy Sackton: are still sort of in the holding pattern that they were before is that
Timothy Sackton: there is no
Timothy Sackton: like there's no
Timothy Sackton: no divine intervention that's coming and saying, Throw your support. But behind X
Timothy Sackton: other than Don't. Let there be a war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh?
Right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonder why that is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like Tim in Kenzo's understanding of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lock in history, and someone like, like, do the gods you normal like in it like, do the gods pick sides in conflicts.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, I mean, you would know this as a
Timothy Sackton: So the like mythic history of Dunmar was that for many, many years
Timothy Sackton: it wasn't just that the gods, the science, as though it was that the gods
Timothy Sackton: directly chose the next ruler.
Timothy Sackton: there would be some really obvious sign of divine intervention
Timothy Sackton: all the way up to the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: But the most current dynasty, the Nayan dynasty.
Timothy Sackton: There is a lot of debate about whether
Timothy Sackton: like, Why, why is it no longer clear? Why are that a guy? This has been a subject of of like theological debate for
Timothy Sackton: you know, a 100 years. This is what Jar was writing his book about in the
Timothy Sackton: why he would
Timothy Sackton: sorry what Govier was writing his book about in the Archives is like.
Timothy Sackton: Are the gods actually intervening to help
Timothy Sackton: the Nayan dynasty?
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And there's been a series of conflicts not that have come come to active war, but like
Timothy Sackton: the sort of beats of Denmark history over the past.
Timothy Sackton: you know, 4 generations or so
Timothy Sackton: that Kansas knows about has sort of been a lot of political conflict like nobody can agree on
Timothy Sackton: the West and the East. Don't get along like there's very different lifestyles. The West is all like farmers now.
Timothy Sackton: and there's been this like, you know, like people like Java who are like oh, rah! Rah! Greater Denmark, you gotta
Timothy Sackton: unify the country, and there's out there. But there's lots of other
Timothy Sackton: There's lots of other people who are basically just like, let Toka do its thing. Let Cara do its thing. Let
Timothy Sackton: the Nyan dynasty rule over Western Dunbar.
Timothy Sackton: So there's it's. This is a major theological debate in.
Timothy Sackton: I mean Kansas wasn't a great student. But you would have been aware of this
Timothy Sackton: in your training, like
Timothy Sackton: what's happened to the gods.
Timothy Sackton: Some people think it's like the point. You know the gods were building up the mark that survived the Great War, and once it once they survived.
Timothy Sackton: you know, there's out.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. Obviously, you know, there's still magic, right? People still get their spells answered, and the gods Aren't gone there's still miracles, but
Timothy Sackton: okay, not shaping the direction of the country anymore.
Timothy Sackton: But there's other people who think it's because the Nyan dynasty is
Timothy Sackton: explicitly wasn't. The choice of the gods, and
Timothy Sackton: John Martin is to like, get rid of the Ninth Dynasty and start again with a new dynasty to get the gods back.
Interesting?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Riswynn: But Sara and that lead a guy from the West are like in the same Nan family, right?
Timothy Sackton: Their brother and sister. Yeah. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So whether the Nyan dynasty writ large is supported by the gods or not is not
Timothy Sackton: relevant in the misconcept.
Timothy Sackton: That was my point other than the fact that it's clear that, like
Timothy Sackton: 200 years ago, there wouldn't have been a civil war in Denmark, because there would have been like a vision of Giovanni who would have said, Pick this one?
Timothy Sackton: I never said, oh, okay, God! We'll pick that one.
Timothy Sackton: but that Hasn't happened in the past
Timothy Sackton: 180 years since the Great War.
Riswynn: and not to their parents either.
Timothy Sackton: Right? This is like going back to the founding of the dynasty. It hasn't happened
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: moving on
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: over the next day again you continue writing.
Timothy Sackton: aiming for a point like
Timothy Sackton: you know,
Timothy Sackton: 10 miles south of Raymond, told something like that somewhere not obviously recognizable. But
Timothy Sackton: where you can do a little bit of scouting, and
Timothy Sackton: you know by
Timothy Sackton: midday on your
Timothy Sackton: by, say, mid afternoon, on your fourth day of travel
Timothy Sackton: you sort of come to a point where, if you made camp here, you could
Timothy Sackton: spend a little time
Timothy Sackton: scouting.
Timothy Sackton: exploring a little bit, and then still have, like
Timothy Sackton: 4 days of travel to get to
Timothy Sackton: Get to the Tower.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You pause at this point? I'm going to run upstairs and get a kid into bed and take like a 5 or 10 min break. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: this is Yes, let's take a let's take a 10 min Break
alright?
You.
Riswynn: hey, Tim? At some point we had
Riswynn: like open questions
Riswynn: listed somewhere in the Google Docs.
Riswynn: Is there any sort of record keeping still going on about that, or we?
Timothy Sackton: I don't think it's all that up to date
here.
Riswynn: I guess we could just go for the really high level. Questions like
Timothy Sackton: it has to be concerning a specific goal of enter activity to current occur within 7 days.
Timothy Sackton: and you know, can only count one. Well, you can cast as many as you want a day. But
Riswynn: later ones have a 25% chance of filling or something. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: right. It also cost you 25 gold per cast.
Riswynn: I got lots of gold, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is this now?
Riswynn: I can do a ritual casting. If I don't want to use a spell slot to
Timothy Sackton: I mean. Yes, the party has tons of gold from
Timothy Sackton: from
Timothy Sackton: treasure from the
Timothy Sackton: Dragon Horn. For what spell the spell?
Riswynn: I have a spell called Commune, where I can ask my
Riswynn: Oh, I was gonna I was.
Timothy Sackton: That's Fifth Level.
Riswynn: That's what I was saying.
Riswynn: I mean, I guess I could do. I haven't read divination.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no, no. You in his Commune is better for what you want because of any yes or no question.
Riswynn: It's 3 yes or no questions.
Riswynn: So I can just ask the gods any 3, yes or no questions every day.
just
Riswynn: still in anything that I don't know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's pretty sweet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have the augury. There is also.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's supposed to be. That's your is this a bad idea.
Mike Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: That's the Ask your DM: if this is a bad idea magic item.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I cut you off the Kate. Sorry
Riswynn: I was going to say we could ask, you know.
Riswynn: does garage work for zombie dude, or you know
Riswynn: mommy dude, whatever his name is?
Riswynn: and we could ask.
Riswynn: would you know I don't know if it sometimes the gods wouldn't necessarily know, but like with the intention of
Riswynn: of
Riswynn: the Tardonian group, be to take the weapon or take the cloak from garage or the scratch and getting it.
Riswynn: you know. I mean, those would be 2 questions like, would they?
Riswynn: Are they going to assist him. Are they going to intercept him?
Riswynn: So then
Riswynn: I don't know if we care. But we've been wondering
Riswynn: they should probably just
Riswynn: play.
Riswynn: I get lots of chances at this.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can ask something like 1, 2, 3, 4,
Timothy Sackton: 15 gas or no questions before you get to this term. Call it out or just going to take.
Timothy Sackton: That will take the rest of the session coming up with 15.
Timothy Sackton: So just you know, pick stuff. Don't think about it to do hard.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But at the moment, as we return, you are setting up the camp
Timothy Sackton: a few miles south of Ravens Holmes
Timothy Sackton: familiar looking territory about where you met Bar Andrews.
Timothy Sackton: the center for the first time
Timothy Sackton: 9 months ago. Something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I sent him.
Timothy Sackton: They went north somewhere. I mean. You could track them down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What we can say to them right
Timothy Sackton: arisen doesn't know over. Yeah, Brisbane met all right there
Riswynn: I was there.
Timothy Sackton: but pick something to do, and and
Timothy Sackton: don't think about it very long. Just pick something
Riswynn: what it like, aren't we scouting we've been told somehow clandestinely, without actually going into it.
Riswynn: Yeah, Isn't: that the thing we're doing?
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how are we going to do it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some comedy, a combination of wellbe and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wellbe and Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have the clairvoyance. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, that's a mile range.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean. And we want to know what that's.
Mike Sackton: I don't know it's going at it. Ravens hold. I could just try it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I not think of that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but I could also do how long it's invisibility
Timothy Sackton: hour an hour.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean I can fly for an hour at a time, too. Just fly over there and visibly check it out and come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So that sounds good. Actually.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Raven salt is mostly empty
Timothy Sackton: when you fly over it.
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: you see
Timothy Sackton: a few things.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: what looks like a pile of
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: crude weapons piled up next to a mass grave that wasn't there before, outside of
Timothy Sackton: outside of the dwarven outpost on the dwarven side of the
Timothy Sackton: of the Bell Day
Timothy Sackton: like it's basically a bunch of crummy gear that's just been tossed out, and then
Timothy Sackton: a mass grave where some
Timothy Sackton: 20, some odd, probably judging by the size bodies have been buried.
Timothy Sackton: There is.
Timothy Sackton: so the one thing. So you see in Ravensold
Timothy Sackton: just nobody is occupying it right. There's no
Timothy Sackton: creatures here.
Timothy Sackton: So was that big pool of water that you still have like a vial of
Timothy Sackton: that has dried up. But there are
Timothy Sackton: on the ground that used to be in this big pool.
Timothy Sackton: like the ground is cracked
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: caked with like lines of what look like sort of
Timothy Sackton: properly like bruised the color of like a bruise mud that just kind of runs and lines around that.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: cracked
Timothy Sackton: first.
Timothy Sackton: see? Is there anything you missed the first time around
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there was one side quest. We did not go on, and ribbon sold. I remember there was like a statue and some kind of a tunnel, and we didn't go there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because, remember this. There was like one side quest. We didn't go on. We like did all the things. But there was one thing we'd not do.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, there was the dwarven that was the dwarven
Timothy Sackton: the animated statue in the Durbin
Timothy Sackton: Yes, side. But yeah, we can see that from flying up overhead.
Eric Rosenbaum: My dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we go to the statue
Eric Rosenbaum: side list
Timothy Sackton: other than that. Yeah, Ravens hold itself. Seems pretty empty. Actually
Timothy Sackton: like, there's no there's no sign of movement whatsoever anywhere
Timothy Sackton: you look.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I mean, what if there anything else you want to look for specifically or anywhere you want to land.
Riswynn: Was I aware of some
Riswynn: burly, dwarven
Riswynn: crew that was like headed to
Riswynn: Raven? Sold? Did they go?
I?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the
Timothy Sackton: Who was that?
Timothy Sackton: It's! Searched Ravens.
Timothy Sackton: Look at the backlinks! Find the session click on the session ads it was
Timothy Sackton: in Darva, the guy who you that Travock Red Peak, who you spoke with, who came from thorough to to tell you about going to buy the jealous
Timothy Sackton: also told you that
Timothy Sackton: a dwarf
Timothy Sackton: warrior, Margaret Boulder Beard, in about 20
Timothy Sackton: Dwarvan warriors confronted a group of Tardonian adventures near ravitsold and
Timothy Sackton: throw them off.
Timothy Sackton: and then cleared the hold of creatures dwelling there some kind of twisted worshippers of mine flares from the great war.
Eric Rosenbaum: More shippers of mine flares
Eric Rosenbaum: who worships mine flares. Man.
Riswynn: those weird people we talked to
Timothy Sackton: of a little
Eric Rosenbaum: creatures. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So like we're doing dwarfs
Eric Rosenbaum: there weren't. No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think like there's any unfinished business here. I think we we mostly just want to make sure
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that it was still quiet.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right like when you go back and click on everything and make sure that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, actually, Tim, One thing I realized I've not been doing. I will with nature and ask just the plant life around here if everything's been cool
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, what the if there's been any kind of perturbation, any new corruption
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inland?
Timothy Sackton: What's the about how's it been recently? Plants the the vibe. So the vibe around here actually is quite.
Timothy Sackton: almost cheerful, like
Timothy Sackton: there's there. There was a
Timothy Sackton: there was a lot of. You know it was a good.
Timothy Sackton: The rainy season was was good. The
Timothy Sackton: oftentimes this part of like North Dunmar doesn't get a lot of rain.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: you know there's not been any drought. There's not been any problem with water. The plants are are like super chill, like
Timothy Sackton: everybody is like just
Timothy Sackton: blossoming and flowering and
Timothy Sackton: makes like some ones and like.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's like it's like California after a good, a nice good, rainy winter, right like like, right? Now, that's what i'm saying, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah,
Riswynn: you guys don't know it's been raining every single day for weeks. It was the first to ask all of a sudden, and like 4 weeks it's been great. I'm like oh, no! I learned all about the atmospheric rivers because it's making all the news.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's when I got him.
Timothy Sackton: and and the especially around Raven sold like
Timothy Sackton: you get the sense like the the
Timothy Sackton: So the dry season was particularly bad, because of all the like demonic corruption and everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so
Timothy Sackton: so a good rainy season with, like.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Well, time storms a little bit late. The monsoon was later than normal. But
Timothy Sackton: yeah, the like the like grass is like super. It's like growing like crazy. It's super thrilled right now.
Timothy Sackton: It like it like Perks kenzo up a little bit. It's like, you know, breaking a few cups of coffee right after you commune with this like
Timothy Sackton: brass. That's just going crazy growing across the land. And actually so You've noticed, You notice now that you think about this comedian with nature like
Timothy Sackton: when you were coming up here before there were like
Timothy Sackton: all of the like. There was like like scars, and the land right like this. There were like pools of like weird.
Timothy Sackton: plotted sort of water, right? The centers were complaining about this like
Timothy Sackton: water coming out of ravens, told that was corrupted.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: it's like completely gone now.
Timothy Sackton: like you have. No, you get no sense of this.
Timothy Sackton: And so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, as we're just kind of doing all this work, Kenza is just smiling, and it's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the land is healing here.
The land is healing here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You've done well, at least in this 1 point, one instance
Timothy Sackton: better with nature than with people.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's keep moving.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So over the next
Timothy Sackton: 4 days.
Timothy Sackton: trigorous grasses
Timothy Sackton: over the next 4 days.
Timothy Sackton: you you sort of get after a scouting rib, and so you sort of get into this routine
Timothy Sackton: of
Timothy Sackton: prayer, sending
Timothy Sackton: prayer.
Timothy Sackton: It's crying.
Timothy Sackton: prayer, sending like
Timothy Sackton: you you do have to like, dodge out of the way of
Timothy Sackton: There's more people now that you've passed, or you've been told so you do spend.
Timothy Sackton: you know some, but you know wellbe is pretty much on top of it, and
Timothy Sackton: nobody sneaks up when you know nobody is catching you unawares.
Timothy Sackton: You have to make a couple of detours to avoid
Timothy Sackton: encountering people. You don't necessarily want to get into conversations with
Timothy Sackton: and the travel, you know, passes
Timothy Sackton: peacefully, really, until you start to see
Timothy Sackton: from, you know, 30 miles off, the
Timothy Sackton: growing
Timothy Sackton: thundercloud
Timothy Sackton: in the on the horizon
Timothy Sackton: that is much bigger
Timothy Sackton: than it was before.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and as you approach
Timothy Sackton: yeah, Rizmann role for more divine interventions.
Timothy Sackton: and then we can do a few communes and scries and sendings and stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, shit!
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: the day after Raven sold
Timothy Sackton: as you're as you're breaking camp before leaving
Timothy Sackton: ravens.
Timothy Sackton: resident
Timothy Sackton: is praying
Timothy Sackton: in the vigorous grass.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Resident is praying for.
Timothy Sackton: for harder to be.
Timothy Sackton: Have dart to be freed of his curse
Timothy Sackton: give you a release from whatever
Timothy Sackton: whatever spell or whatever.
Timothy Sackton: magic of this sword is
Timothy Sackton: is binding him.
Timothy Sackton: and everybody's you've gotten sort of used to riz when playing, praying every morning, and nothing happening. So everybody's kind of going about their business, making breakfast on packing camp.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's this loud, like echoing across the entire camp like this, loud
Timothy Sackton: like sound of.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: like a bell like a hammer, or hitting a church bound. It just starts ringing and ringing and ringing and ringing.
Timothy Sackton: echoing like across the echoing as if you're in a cavern, even though you're in
Timothy Sackton: empty planes.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you see res when you see
avdar in
Timothy Sackton: just waking up
in his camp
Timothy Sackton: in his tent.
Timothy Sackton: tossing and turning and and waking
Timothy Sackton: and he goes to reach for his sword, as he seems to do every morning
Timothy Sackton: and a hand reaches out
Timothy Sackton: a dwarf in hand.
Timothy Sackton: and grabs his hand as he's going to grab the sword.
Timothy Sackton: and, like grasps it like this, grasped his hand
Timothy Sackton: between their hands.
Timothy Sackton: and says in dwarfish, No, you are free.
Timothy Sackton: and he like rolls over and looks
Timothy Sackton: stunned for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: and then looks at the sword, and the sword has turned into
Timothy Sackton: like where there was. The blade of the sword
Timothy Sackton: is now a snake that's crawling out of the tent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool, cool television fans that's so awesome.
Wow!
Mike Sackton: All right. I'm going to focus scrying for the next 2 days on Havar
Mike Sackton: and Sarah.
Mike Sackton: and see if it makes any difference.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we can just preemptively declare that we
Riswynn: i'm just giving Tim an opportunity to to validate our own success by telling us that we saved them.
Timothy Sackton: okay. But now you can't. I can't ask for anything for another week, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pretty good, though it's pretty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And did you? set this whole screen up this way, by the way, so that we would all be like on the sides, and it's it's like, yeah, it was awesome. Immersive view is great.
Eric Rosenbaum: really fun. yes.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: after the dramatic events of the morning of November twentieth, when hockey was uncursed.
Timothy Sackton: You spend the rest of the journey
Timothy Sackton: still dodging people and
Timothy Sackton: riding across the planes, scrying, sending.
Timothy Sackton: communing
Timothy Sackton: What do you want? What questions do you want to ask?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I seriously do want to ask a sequence of
Riswynn: will. The Tardonians help garage? Will the journey and steal from garage in terms of with respect to the cloak
Eric Rosenbaum: also, are they hitting right for us?
Timothy Sackton: So those 3 questions are: your first
Timothy Sackton: are the well, the Territories help garage. Will they steal from the garage? Are they heading for us?
Timothy Sackton: And the answers are Yes, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: yes, they will help garage. No, they will not steal from garage.
Timothy Sackton: No, they are not heading right for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck
Riswynn: that's good, so they're off to help brush with the cloak retrieval.
Riswynn: Wait any
Riswynn: anybody. See a volcano around here?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no! But it's a little stormy up there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Given this knowledge. Should we
Mike Sackton: try to intercept them before it. But what we're trying to get a flying castle that goes 100 miles an hour, so that we can successfully adjust them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, no, No, but Kenz, I hear you asking not, should we go after the cloak? But should we find and kill them first, and then go after the cloak?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because once they join forces with garage won't they be that much more powerful than a party that's just wandering through the wilderness right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'd rather kill them in. Dunbar.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm saying
Mike Sackton: that's
Timothy Sackton: That's you had to try and scry on them.
Mike Sackton: Now, i'm going to. I'm going to stick to half dar, for right now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So over the course of the next couple of days
Timothy Sackton: you manage You manage a, you know.
Timothy Sackton: 2 or 3 success
Timothy Sackton: full scries
Timothy Sackton: the day on
Timothy Sackton: have dar, and Sarah
is
Timothy Sackton: so. So you see late the the first
Timothy Sackton: first attempt after he is uncursed when you break for lunch
Timothy Sackton: that day.
Timothy Sackton: you see him just
Timothy Sackton: he's got. He's sitting in his tent. He's no nobody in or out. There's nobody else in the tent.
Timothy Sackton: and he has about like 20 of these, like little
Timothy Sackton: sculpted figures of
Timothy Sackton: done mari God! So like not just
Timothy Sackton: so often many dun mari you. You've seen this in a few places will carry you around these little
Timothy Sackton: wooden sculpted figures, or painted or clay figures of of the gods they set up as like little traveling altars.
Timothy Sackton: and he's got not just his, but
Timothy Sackton: like he's obviously asked other people, or he has gotten him from
Timothy Sackton: his troop or something. There was like this just big forest of
Timothy Sackton: God's statues in front of him, and he's just
Timothy Sackton: right.
Timothy Sackton: both
Timothy Sackton: thanks, and also
Timothy Sackton: wondering
Timothy Sackton: why.
Timothy Sackton: like wetted the dwarves. What do the dwarfs want with him?
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: what does it all mean?
Timothy Sackton: He seems confused or unsettled.
Timothy Sackton: but not necessarily in a bad one.
Timothy Sackton: Later.
Timothy Sackton: you you see him. You scry him when he's having dinner with, as you're setting up camp when he's having dinner with Sarah
Timothy Sackton: and a few other of his most trusted
Timothy Sackton: followers are
Timothy Sackton: Faram, who you met
Timothy Sackton: a couple of others.
Timothy Sackton: and they seem to be
Timothy Sackton: talking
Timothy Sackton: about the sword, who seemed to have come in in the middle of a conversation.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: and Hovdar is saying
Timothy Sackton: clearly: it was cursed.
Timothy Sackton: That must have been
Timothy Sackton: the Chardonians. Who else would it have been.
Timothy Sackton: I would trust
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: whatever you guys are called dow with and seeker, and well being
Timothy Sackton: all them
Timothy Sackton: with my life, they saved me several times.
Timothy Sackton: Kind of
Timothy Sackton: they wouldn't have done this. It must have been
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And Sarah is saying
Timothy Sackton: it came from that sword came from Agata. Maybe they didn't know
Timothy Sackton: Hovgars convinced now it must have been the turn onions we should.
Timothy Sackton: We should
Timothy Sackton: settle with
Timothy Sackton: whatever we have to do. We should
Timothy Sackton: make peace with me.
Timothy Sackton: Carnas, and ride against Chardon.
Timothy Sackton: They are threatening us with magic.
Timothy Sackton: Conversation goes on.
Mike Sackton: How far away are these folks?
Mike Sackton: They're not that far from us now. Right?
Timothy Sackton: there are about 200 and
Timothy Sackton: 20 miles from you.
Mike Sackton: I mean shouldn't we tell him that? Yes, it was us, and we screwed up. Sorry.
Riswynn: I mean I've met Hebda right? Can't I just send he have jar?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we let the Tardonians take the fall for this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unite, Dunmar against the tardonians.
Riswynn: Yeah, I saw your eyes light up there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You find it on the huh?
Yeah.
Riswynn: How do you make that a quick 25 word message? Have Dara regret her sword.
Riswynn: So sorry, hey? Thanks. Bye.
Riswynn: It's boo-boo. One word or 2.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we want to tell them? Or should? We yeah, I think we should.
Riswynn: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, we can say something like, you know, regretfully.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I didn't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rizwin saves the day
Riswynn: dwarfing Gods help. Brisbane take foot out of mouth.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we we let him know. And in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and some
Timothy Sackton: all you get back is
shit really?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Onwards and upwards
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there anything else we need to do right now before we go and run straight into that
giant store.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let's let's run in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well should be like Scribe.
Timothy Sackton: So?
Riswynn: Asked the dwarf in God. Then he Yes, no questions about it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That might be a good augury question. Actually. Can we go through this storm
Eric Rosenbaum: and, like his frog are in there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you reach out to him and like calm him?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can you do that before?
Timothy Sackton: So let's just refocus a little bit, so it's mid afternoon when you arrive here.
Timothy Sackton: a few days later. If there's any other like scrying or information you want to get from the travel, and you certainly can get more information.
Timothy Sackton: We don't have to play it all out. But like if this stuff you want to know.
Timothy Sackton: or are you happy with the state of your knowledge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we definitely want to do some. Some. Can we scry inside there? Can we do some clearance of we'll cut because we're a mile away. We can just clear voice to side there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, definitely, i'm saying, before you arrive at the storm, is there anything else you want to like, wrap up like in terms of the travel.
Riswynn: and I just solve all the mysteries of the class. You know it is.
Riswynn: which is
Riswynn: wizard guy reporting to the mummy guy is the mummy garage reporting to the mummy guy
Riswynn: all that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, I mean, it'd be good to get a location again on on Team Cadmus.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Team Cadmouse is
Timothy Sackton: still in the desert in the desert. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Still headed south.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, headed east. Probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: remember how we went there last time, and then, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we looked up and the stars were all different. Did we travel back in time? What happening in there.
Mike Sackton: We were in craigars.
Timothy Sackton: My memories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So doesn't this shit look the same as like that. They're probably worse somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Tim, I tried to reach out to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
Timothy Sackton: okay. So you arrive. You arrive at the storm.
Timothy Sackton: it is before you reach out or anything like it is a good, probably
Timothy Sackton: a few extra miles across than it was before, and much more like intense and lightning me than you
Timothy Sackton: than you remember
Timothy Sackton: like this storm has clearly grown, and it's
Timothy Sackton: it's been raining. And so there's like mud everywhere. There's
Timothy Sackton: like little pools forming. There's rivulets of of
Timothy Sackton: just like mud, and it's it's not a it's not really the like. Outskirts of this storm are not really a particularly pleasant place to set up camp, but.
Timothy Sackton: like you can, you know, you find a sort of dry area, so you can
Timothy Sackton: you can
Timothy Sackton: a poker, you know. You can
Timothy Sackton: plan your attack, and
Timothy Sackton: you know, make some
to you.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: And again, last chance for any more. Yes or no questions or scribes before we shift gears to the Tower.
Timothy Sackton: because I don't want to retcon more stuff when you decide like in 2 weeks like, oh, could we have done that during the travel?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, yeah, we should do some augury for sure and ask some basic questions about this situation right here, and let's just like just met a game like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we met last time. What happened again?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was the like? What were the things that we like fucked up on that like? We're gonna not do this time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because those lightning elementals there were like there was like lightning elementals that we fought inside the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was. It was not good for my horse.
Riswynn: Hi Tony.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was stuff because
Riswynn: we didn't have Buck Peak at the time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm looking at Session
Eric Rosenbaum: 14.
Timothy Sackton: No, you are just gotten Baxter.
Timothy Sackton: We were still training him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Riswynn: the Baxter. Just
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I remember how they worked with
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We sort of like blew away, and then we found each other and rope together.
Riswynn: You need your way in.
Eric Rosenbaum: There were giant runes on the ground
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that made us attack each other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do we have any better way to get through this
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like? Can we tunnel our way in or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): teleport our way in? Or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is there any way to bypass this? Because, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this, is a lot worse than it was before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I Can I, dimension, or do we have an estimate of the
Eric Rosenbaum: you know thickness of the storm?
Timothy Sackton: I mean you just you can scry you can.
Timothy Sackton: It's definitely more than 500 feet.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, last time you sent a raven overhead to
Mike Sackton: right.
Riswynn: The Raven had told us it was sort of a doable distance, and then we went
Riswynn: that distance. Yeah, but it was still a mess.
Timothy Sackton: None of you want to ask any more. Yes or no questions of the dwarving gods
Timothy Sackton: on your journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, like we could ask it. Is it? Is it? Do we want to
Timothy Sackton: like? like? Should we go in? Should we walk in. You know. What are some good yet? For? No questions that are like. No, I'm just saying, before you get to the storm like thought questions, dirt. What is
Timothy Sackton: What is you got several days on the road when you can be asking them
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and and the control? Can the traylight control whatever? I'm. I'm following the wording right? Can that be undone
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like Canfola? Be UN
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some brainwashed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uncleans? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe made 30 years.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then let's ask
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): about
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's his name. Who's the Who's the chardon, Guy
Mike Sackton: Awesome. Did we ask if garage is working for a poly in?
Riswynn: That's what I was trying to for. Is that still working for garage, or is
Mike Sackton: rushed working for Fesdo. Thank you for reiterating my question. Yeah, with the people's names because I was just saying mummy guy, and nobody knows. Yeah, yeah, those are 3 great questions. Okay, what are that you work
Timothy Sackton: is working for fast now?
No.
Mike Sackton: Is faster working for garage.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): our grush and festo working for a polyon.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which potentially creates an opportunity
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): can
Eric Rosenbaum: to put them against each other.
Riswynn: Oh, so about the UN cleansing is UN cleansing possible.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So this will be yesterday's questions. And then today you'll still have today's question.
Timothy Sackton: Unclear?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we we could ask about who's looking for the cloak so like is
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cadmus's team
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seeking the cloak.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): his garage, his army
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seeking the cloak
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to get a sense of what's there where we could ask more about Fausta? Like as fast as a human
Riswynn: Do we need the advice on avoiding the like
Riswynn: klight
Riswynn: trained.
Riswynn: bloodhound future people.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, are they still hunting us?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just ask if we're being hunted by
Timothy Sackton: exactly to ask about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Riswynn: Are we being hunted by Caleb enslaved monsters of festival.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, that's a great one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Are you being hunted by
Timothy Sackton: enslaved monsters a faster? Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they close
Eric Rosenbaum: it
Riswynn: That' be specific? I don't?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are they? Are they within a Are they within a week away from us?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there within 3 days of us?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The habit Does cat most know where the cloak is.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean again.
Eric Rosenbaum: where it's like. It's on this plan of existence, probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: like what city are within 10 miles
Riswynn: is Cat most able to navigate directly to the globe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
nice
Timothy Sackton: now?
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: so that will take them some time
Eric Rosenbaum: to the to. We ask if that's what he's after.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about is fasto behind
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the kidnapping of 9, Sara?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because, yeah, we have? What about actually, what about is a polyon
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): behind the kidnapping
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): of 9, sir.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotta work your with or check. Let it.
Timothy Sackton: Is that the question? This is your last one?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, or is it, Tim? I hope you interpret behind appropriate, you know, instigated at his.
Timothy Sackton: It's ridiculous, and yes.
Riswynn: yes, let's let's ask about my and Sarah's kidnapping.
Timothy Sackton: No
Eric Rosenbaum: got to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: free agent Sometimes oh, she's. She's an agent of pass, as she specifically said
Timothy Sackton: so, switching from the dwarf and gods, we've got an auger thing to ask about like. But now we're back to the
Timothy Sackton: what are you going to do about this storm?
Riswynn: So let's come up with a plan and then ask the auger thing if its plan is promising.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Him I can do some auger now, too, right?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, you can. You can cast a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've got the augury mirrors once a day.
Right?
Timothy Sackton: I mean any casting of augury is one is effectively once a day, because if you do it more than once a day.
Timothy Sackton: there's an increasingly high chance that it gives you a misleading answer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: But if you have 2 sources of augury you can ask 2 augury questions a day.
Timothy Sackton: so you can do once with the mirrors and once with cancel.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So we.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because we can put people in the mirror.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we really just need to get one person through the storm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there any way to transmute any of us into a form that wouldn't be affected by
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): wind and lightning? I don't know what that form would be
Eric Rosenbaum: some kind of polymorph into a creature that could tunnel under the ground. Say.
Mike Sackton: that's really interesting. Can you polymorph into something with a borough speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then it would have to be really fast
Riswynn: and able to carry a portable for all of your friends in polymorph. All your possessions, polymorph, into your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I like this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are what are burrowing animals?
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the ground
Eric Rosenbaum: in this area
Timothy Sackton: mostly mud at the moment right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, that's your machine.
Mike Sackton: How bar is it to the center of the storm?
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know
Mike Sackton: Well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but
Riswynn: how? Why does it look?
Riswynn: But Can you just count the circle?
Mike Sackton: Can we just fly up until we can see the whole thing, and then figure it out and fly back there? Yes,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. It's probably
Timothy Sackton: 6 miles cross. There is no center of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, sorry, yes. But it's circular, right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, it's circular. But last time there was an eye, and you could see the power. There is no
Timothy Sackton: sighting of the tower
Mike Sackton: so 3 miles in 1 h.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and that Brontosaurus could make it through.
Mike Sackton: And and what, what's the r can you transform up to?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: but it has to be a beast.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So you need a a beast with a borrowed speed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): with 3 miles of burrows speed. I mean, that's a
Mike Sackton: wow in an hour.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but not like a ferret
Mike Sackton: That's just like even speed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm in trouble finding a good list of the beasts. There's just so many like
Eric Rosenbaum: happy
Eric Rosenbaum: in the data.
Timothy Sackton: The India beyond is pretty good. Assuming that you have, you have access via my sharing to all the
Mike Sackton: I mean a badger
Timothy Sackton: that German, a badger has a burrow speed of 10 feet. It's one third of its walking speed. So you're not going to make it in an hour.
Mike Sackton: and even a cave badger.
Mike Sackton: which is
Mike Sackton: questionable as to its existence away as a burrows be to 15 feet.
Timothy Sackton: There's not a lot of good options here. To be honest.
Eric Rosenbaum: very few creatures have
Mike Sackton: very few creatures have good burrow speeds.
Mike Sackton: That is unfortunate. But like.
Mike Sackton: are there any creatures that Don't exist in the like like? What's what's an actual real life animal that burrows quickly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, hold on. Here's another.
Riswynn: Yeah, it's. It's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But who can't? can't seek or move earth and stuff? Can't we magically borrow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for the animal
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that or or without the animal, I mean, can we just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huh?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, as a try underground humans on the other idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pencil flies
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we can if we can get like a reasonably accurate location on where the tower is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tens of flies super high altitude above the center of the storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and just false
Eric Rosenbaum: and
down
Eric Rosenbaum: dangerous.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just so possible that once you hit the storm, and like if
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if there's 100 mile an hour winds.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it could kick you the storm also, like I assume it was. I assume well be. You are the one who flew up to scout or go with your spell.
Mike Sackton: It is your thing. Run out of charge.
Timothy Sackton: It's an average choice per day, right? Okay?
Mike Sackton: So you should use your first.
Mike Sackton: But I guess I could use a spell, and we could rest. And I mean, we're going to take an hour planning, anyway. Right so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we're not a rush. We're going to figure this out.
Timothy Sackton: so it's
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: I mean you had to go like a good 15, I mean. You couldn't really. You couldn't actually fly above the storm
right
Timothy Sackton: like it's like goes up a mile or something. It's like really tall. You flew around
Timothy Sackton: right so you can get it. You can get up enough so that you've got an angle down.
Timothy Sackton: and you can sort of see their circumference.
Timothy Sackton: But this is not like I mean, this is a thunderhead that goes way up
right?
Riswynn: So our problems are rain, wind, lightning bolts.
Timothy Sackton: but it's
Riswynn: mud.
Timothy Sackton: Weird psychic disturbances
Timothy Sackton: that make you attack your friends is what happened last time.
Riswynn: Okay, we have one person going through.
Mike Sackton: They don't have any friends of attack
Riswynn: who can go fast over mud.
Riswynn: and I can do protection from energy.
Riswynn: so I could you keep so, my impervious to lightning for an hour?
Mike Sackton: Does that require concentration?
Riswynn: Oh, probably
Mike Sackton: it does. But that just means you can't concentrate on a difference. Wow! Would it work if you're in the mirror if i'm in a hole?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: the distance again.
Timothy Sackton: I don't See? Why not? There's nothing that says, a spell ends if you go to a different dimension.
Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry we think it's
Timothy Sackton: It's like 3 miles.
Riswynn: That's, you know, doable and nice weather and easy terrain.
Riswynn: because 3 miles in an hour. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): seeker you have any like burrowing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): capabilities
Eric Rosenbaum: and check directly
Eric Rosenbaum: is limited.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What about? Tell me like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can't like summon an earth elemental to do it for us. By chance
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about the Earth elemental concept.
Eric Rosenbaum: or thinking about elementals. I hadn't thought about that particular thing that's interesting. And then what can the earth elemental do? I'll let me investigate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It has a thirty-foot burrow speed
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: but they don't need this behind that who has a 30 foot per hour. Speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sam. I commun with nature.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What are you trying to learn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what the hell is going on here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: can so make
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: saving through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank God, I've got bartek
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stand by.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'm going to need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I react
Eric Rosenbaum: with
Eric Rosenbaum: inspirations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I roll roll the 8.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo goes into a trance
Timothy Sackton: and you begin to reach out
Timothy Sackton: trying to sense. You know what's going on here, what's
Timothy Sackton: like what's happened to this storm.
Timothy Sackton: but also.
you know.
Timothy Sackton: just
like
Timothy Sackton: you know, what's the scene right?
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: you you feel
Timothy Sackton: so.
Timothy Sackton: The first thing that's incredibly obvious is that like
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: this is
Timothy Sackton: one. Intrusion on the natural order, right like this storm should not be here right? That's obvious, just from looking at it. But
Timothy Sackton: And you can sense you can sense Raghar in the center of it. You can sense his presence.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: it's, you know
Timothy Sackton: It's
how to describe it.
Timothy Sackton: He is.
Timothy Sackton: much there is. There is a lot more confusion
Timothy Sackton: in his mind. Then there was
Timothy Sackton: before there is
Timothy Sackton: and that's being reflected in the landscape like you can see
Timothy Sackton: you almost feel when you're commuting with nature like you can see
Timothy Sackton: his anger every time lightning strikes.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you know his
Timothy Sackton: disorientation as the wind blows.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you focus and try and understand what's what's going on. You You almost feel.
Timothy Sackton: I think you're beginning to lose
Timothy Sackton: your sense of
Timothy Sackton: the difference between you
Timothy Sackton: and him.
Timothy Sackton: or even between you and the storm.
Timothy Sackton: and the rest of you is you're watching Kenza. He just starts to go.
Timothy Sackton: Dell.
Timothy Sackton: almost completely still. And Kenzo, you see.
Timothy Sackton: you actually see now the storm start to fade
Timothy Sackton: in front of you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, great! And
Timothy Sackton: like the clouds, begin to open up like opening off a passage in through the middle of the storm.
Timothy Sackton: Someone's backing you in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I resist.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, You don't have to go in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or well, the I would tell you all that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I was just thinking, I wonder if I could make that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think Penzo's got enough enough wherewithal not to go in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at this moment in time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but he looks at the opening. What's in what's in the opening? Can I see far down it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything in the center?
Timothy Sackton: So it's
Timothy Sackton: it fades after like 300. It's like a tunnel. That sort of it gets dimmer as it goes further in, and it sort of fades into mist
Timothy Sackton: after a few 100 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I talk?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I tell I I tell everybody what i'm seeing
Timothy Sackton: the rest. Of you don't see anything.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. The storm is just the storm.
Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know what this means, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it would be best for me not to walk into it right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 6
nice.
Riswynn: Maybe it means that he's still open to connecting to you.
Riswynn: So you probably need our backup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, one vote to walking in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: other votes.
Riswynn: Well, not walking in now. It just mean Eventually.
Riswynn: after several more days of planning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. I try to reach out the Pragar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, okay, sorry. I don't. I don't like directly try to communicate with him, because he's literally very angry and clearly very stormy. The clear is very mad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know what though I actually will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, as we discuss and kind of figure this out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will sit in meditation, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know i'm just just just a lowly tenth level month
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that spent some time with the storm giant. But,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will try to. I will try to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: channel a an aura of calm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in my own
aura
Timothy Sackton: as deeply as possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I push it out through the nature. I push it out through
on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: through my surroundings, and try to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: push it out towards him.
using all of my
focus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so not trying to reach out to him, but just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: expanding my
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What's everybody else doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Seekers taking out his
Eric Rosenbaum: new
Eric Rosenbaum: magical gemstone. Studded gauntlet
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's got to be the any items and powers we have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll be studying the storm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): looking for patterns looking for.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know. Are there regularities to the way that it moves, or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): rhythm to it at all, or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a path through the worst of it all that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not that he really expects that. But yeah.
Timothy Sackton: make a
Timothy Sackton: I would say
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): investigation.
Timothy Sackton: I'm going to say, wisdom, nature.
Timothy Sackton: so nature check. But
Timothy Sackton: I think that would be equivalent to
Timothy Sackton: same as a perception check for you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, yep.
Riswynn: was looking for a way to leave her pony.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not ideal.
Timothy Sackton: You got this. You probably want to do something. I mean the pony and Baxter could ride in the
Riswynn: there. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, the time you think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you don't have more inspiration to spare.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know
Timothy Sackton: I haven't been tallying it because we were traveling. Well, You've only used one. So you've used one so far today.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I I guess
Eric Rosenbaum: I also have guidance at that. Personally.
Timothy Sackton: i'll have an inspiration. That's the I I've rolled twice and take the hire for skill checks with inspiration. Oh, got it! I forgot about that before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: no, no, not Roll the d 8 twice and take the higher one, not you World place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I got to reset myself here
Timothy Sackton: alright, so that's 20.
Timothy Sackton: There there are
Timothy Sackton: there isn't really a pattern? Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: I mean this isn't this isn't like a natural thunderstorm, right? It's not like. There's
Timothy Sackton: you know, winds blowing across
Timothy Sackton: it. Does. It? Does seem like the intensity waxes and wanes right, but it's not waxing and waning.
Timothy Sackton: based on any external symbol. Signal that you can see
Timothy Sackton: like it'll grow stronger, and there will be a few minutes where you're watching, and there's this.
you know.
Timothy Sackton: blasts of thunder and lightning
Timothy Sackton: striking, you know, 10 times within a minute, and then it'll be
Timothy Sackton: not calm.
Timothy Sackton: but the lightning will stop, and the winds will settle for a bit, and you'll hear the rain
Timothy Sackton: for 10 min, and then it sort of ebbs and flows in this way, but like
Timothy Sackton: even watching it for like half an hour. You can't
Timothy Sackton: pick up any
Timothy Sackton: distinguishing feature that determines when it's going to go in tensor
Timothy Sackton: or a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay. The other route. Here is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza goes into the plane of souls and tries to communicate with. Try to work on this there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, it feels like Kruger dreaming right, and the storm corresponding that if we could calm him somehow, we just get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We just get a big storm and not like a deadly trying to kill us storm if we try to go into the storm. We're going to be so fucked. We're just going to get so fucked
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but it's an expression of him, though, like, if we cannot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's why yeah, commune. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so, Tim, I can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck man. I don't have to do this already, but I could use some of my magic, my like ultra key, and
Timothy Sackton: yes, you can, but that's
Timothy Sackton: one shot. Then you got to find a way to you had to find some more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I forgot which key that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: you got to find more mesicy before you can do it again. Well, let me let me try to have a look first.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know my my clients ability. Normally I couldn't reach that far, but I think with this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can extend it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by all means try and even
Eric Rosenbaum: double it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, Tim, I think it would be 2 charges, probably.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And you got a roll spell casting ability check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: for each.
Timothy Sackton: It's been 2
Eric Rosenbaum: against the DC. Of 8, plus the limo Spilt was twice the charges expended. Oh, geez! So that would be that would be
Timothy Sackton: 15. But you can.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: you can add your proficiency. So it's 98, plus 9, one to 20, plus 9 versus DC. And 15.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So about 50, 50 h basically
Timothy Sackton: a little better than 50 50 odds. Now 6 or higher.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you only need a
Riswynn: Is it a skill check? Can I guidance? It is a scale check you can guide and set.
Riswynn: So you yourself guidance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you, Mr.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is like the maiden voyage of the glove, too. It's very exciting.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there.
Eric Rosenbaum: one of the 2 gems in the Globe
Eric Rosenbaum: powers up, glowing and humming as I,
Eric Rosenbaum: with the other hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Construct the clairvoyance run in the air, sending it forth, and then it suddenly, dramatically accelerates into the center of the storm with the power of
Eric Rosenbaum: the glove of a close to crystallized magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: but does it get there?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah, easily.
Timothy Sackton: So I have to say where i'm sending it, though i'm trying to see Raulgar.
Timothy Sackton: So where should I try to put it like right directly in the middle of the
Timothy Sackton: tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like, Where do we?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Timothy Sackton: Our top floor
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, all right. That's what it is.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, i'm going to say, make a
Timothy Sackton: nature check to judge the positioning to see where you end up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, because it's super long range.
Timothy Sackton: 19 Pretty God!
Timothy Sackton: So your clairvoyance! I appears
Timothy Sackton: in
Timothy Sackton: the room at the top of the tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sweet! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wait! Hold on!
Timothy Sackton: Just check. One thing about the spell
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean
Eric Rosenbaum: the meta-magic powers of the glove are are pretty untested, so it could have some an anticipated in the clear.
Timothy Sackton: you see
Timothy Sackton: You see the bear a bear room
Timothy Sackton: with
Timothy Sackton: with Ragher the giant
Timothy Sackton: changed
Timothy Sackton: to the floor just as you saw him once
Timothy Sackton: 8 months ago.
Timothy Sackton: just chained with his arms bound to the wall like
Timothy Sackton: missed
Timothy Sackton: blind
Timothy Sackton: caught like thrashing and tossing and turning
Timothy Sackton: and you're sort of
Timothy Sackton: reporting this.
Timothy Sackton: He's and the storm as you're as you're seeing this and saying what you're seeing. The storm is
Timothy Sackton: intense. There's like lightning crashing.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: the what you're seeing through the clairvoyance sensor
Timothy Sackton: chefs
Timothy Sackton: like about 4 min in, or something, maybe halfway through the spell.
Timothy Sackton: and you see
Timothy Sackton: you see a
Timothy Sackton: clear
Timothy Sackton: mountain range.
Timothy Sackton: You see
Timothy Sackton: mountains stretching in the distance
Timothy Sackton: to the north and the south.
Timothy Sackton: a huge stone staircase
Timothy Sackton: leading up to a open like temple like Platform
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We recognize the staircase, not to the stairs. Any base stairs?
Eric Rosenbaum: This was.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, Raw guards.
Timothy Sackton: Green state.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fuck. Whoa: the clairvoyance tunneled into the
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Timothy Sackton: And as your
Timothy Sackton: as you're watching this. You see.
Timothy Sackton: Prag are coming down
Timothy Sackton: the the stairs from this like palace. That's a little bit out of sight.
Timothy Sackton: walking slowly.
Timothy Sackton: leaning on a cane kind of.
Timothy Sackton: you know. 25 ish feet tall, sort of stone, gray slate, gray skin.
Timothy Sackton: a sort of got chiseled face,
Timothy Sackton: wearing white
Timothy Sackton: robes that are kind of swirling with whites and grays.
Timothy Sackton: walking
Timothy Sackton: slowly like
with this
Timothy Sackton: holding this this like Staff
Timothy Sackton: Kane, which is like
Timothy Sackton: 4 times taller than seeker is
Timothy Sackton: and like topping and sort of looking, looking almost confused like.
Timothy Sackton: Why is it, you know? Why can't I see as he sort of feels his way down the steps.
Timothy Sackton: And then just sets and like, puts his
Timothy Sackton: his head in his hand.
Timothy Sackton: sitting on these steps and the spell ends.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How does that map to what the storm is doing?
Timothy Sackton: Good Question. It's definitely calmer for the second half of the
Timothy Sackton: vision.
Timothy Sackton: I mean calmer. Here is a relative term, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we unchain him last time?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, we didn't.
Mike Sackton: And now it did
Mike Sackton: I i'm not a chair.
Timothy Sackton: did you?
Mike Sackton: I? I don't really know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then
Timothy Sackton: I didn't have it in my hog or notes. But maybe you did.
Timothy Sackton: He's in whatever state you left him before. If you unchanged him, he's unchanged.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, whether he's on Changerchink we know that in the dream state he's not chained
Timothy Sackton: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we communicate with him by ascending?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we doing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this? We were very careful about.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there's 2 routes here
Kenzo pauses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually, Tim, let me see if I do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go to the dream world. Is it just me going to the dream world, or does like a portal open? Can I bring others to the dream world
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I bring everybody?
Oh, fuck!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Royal Guard told us
Eric Rosenbaum: he could free himself if only he could see.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I don't think you unchanged him. You. There was that like stone sphere that was somehow part of the magic that was originally used to trap him that you spent forever
Timothy Sackton: trying to like, take with you or something, and you ended up knocking it off the platform.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I remember that. I remember like knocking something off of a tower off the tower, and then like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that, having no effect
Timothy Sackton: right. But you didn't actually unchain him. He said that
Timothy Sackton: he could free himself if his eyes and returned to him, although
Timothy Sackton: how exactly to return his eyes was
Timothy Sackton: unclear.
Timothy Sackton: and whether he was correct about that is also unclear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that a game
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if it's been wrong with this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzo kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pauses and leans heavily on his staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in my time, with the Lizard folk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I learned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some skills some abilities related to the dream world, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm. Only able to do this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I could bring us into the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and potentially we could interact with vulgar there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But to help him the most we need to physically bring him
Mike Sackton: his eyes
Eric Rosenbaum: that we have at such great cost. Still, and back for him and brought here. Yes, but we need calm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need them call
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's very to get there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we try to go through in this storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Think of the mayhem it caused double. It almost killed us all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in a storm much less fierce than this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: traveling miles through that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we would go. This seemed we would. We would annihilate each other. There's I, I don't see a way through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We would use our own effort and might against each other
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we could potentially we need him calm. We need to calm him
Eric Rosenbaum: now. What's the range of catapult? Maybe I can launch the eyes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: directly in
Timothy Sackton: something. Seeker would try. What about a two-pronged strategy?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The idea of connecting with him in dreams is to calm him enough
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): not to stop the storm, but to get through it. I mean, what? If
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, seeker? I mean, if you polymorph yourself into something truly enormous, or even into like the giant crab, right
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that the wind can't pick up that could take a couple of lightning strikes
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and could stay anchored on the ground to move through.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Carry others on your back, and at the same time Ken Zone
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): lead a group into his dreams and try and calm him, or at least
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): keep him engaged
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): while we're moving through the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was just featuring a gigantic crab
Eric Rosenbaum: with an eyeball on each pincer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Since since my capacity to go in the dream world is limited if we only have one chance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps it's worthy first of trying to communicate
with him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just using our sending abilities. And yes, let me know at first. I tell him that we've we've returned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that we have his eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see how the storm reacts.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps that would create enough space that we could calm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would call him enough that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just from the clairvoyance. He knows that he we know that he knows that he
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he knows that he is blind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps we can calm him again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perhaps you can send them a message
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: explicitly stating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, Tim, is there a way the sending it has to be through through. He like sending. Is there? Is there a sense of like who it's coming from, or does like the recipient, just receive a bunch of words? No, they know who it's coming from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way for me to be the sender?
Timothy Sackton: No. But did risen. Ever meet her allgar?
Riswynn: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Didn't you stay behind. No, you came with us, and then you left after I remember you have to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, in 2 kenza, I mean the less
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I agree we should try sending first, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): last time you were able to help Kraalgar meditate and calm himself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe there's a way to do that again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I I think, through the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But perhaps we can try to send him a message now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and see how the storm reacts. The storm is clearly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a proxy of his own emotions in his own, his own emotional state.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps we can calm him without
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: without needing to venture to the dream world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so risk when perhaps we can send him a message simply stating that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've returned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have your eyes
on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've come to set you free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll come to set you free. But we need you to be calm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so we can pass it. I'm sorry it took so long
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's not clear what sense of time he has. But just we need to. We need him calm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need him to be calm.
Mike Sackton: Just matter for a minute. What is the
Mike Sackton: I need to go to bed.
and
Mike Sackton: a very short amount of time.
Timothy Sackton: yes, we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we should send us send a message right now see how it responds, and then we'll pick up next time.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, definitely, before you like, actually
Timothy Sackton: start out any plans we should stop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why don't we do a send a message, send and see how the storm responds, and then
call the night.
Riswynn: and next time we'll start by auguring our plan and then do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, we should definitely auger the dream World plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Riswynn: you keep wrong
Riswynn: Dream World crab plan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, actually, can we do that. Now just let me auger and just ask if it's as smart to go to the dream role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and do it. I mean you. You can do it, Ken. You can do that myself.
Timothy Sackton: Meditate and
Timothy Sackton: So you meditate on
Timothy Sackton: this, trying to sense whether
Timothy Sackton: reaching to
Timothy Sackton: probably through the dream world would be good or bad, and
Timothy Sackton: and you feel
Timothy Sackton: you feel certain, after a few minutes of meditating, that this.
Timothy Sackton: as the potential for both good and bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice
nice. Okay.
there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do ascending
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and see what happens?
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So what is your message?
Riswynn: We are back.
Riswynn: Can we draw near with your eyes?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we have returned with your eyes.
Riswynn: Yes, we have returned with your eyes
Riswynn: timely. Draw near with your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's less 10. Can we draw near? It's more like we need him to calm down it's like.
Riswynn: Yeah, but I shouldn't i'm. I'm not buddy enough with them to say chill dude, I need to say.
Riswynn: would you permit us to approach sort of like, or something like that like?
Riswynn: I think I need to be a little politic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I was gonna say, without
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): spinning our wheels too much. I think
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know a person trapped in an endless magic Time Loop, where past and present are lost, like I don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should at all count on him. Knowing who we are. I think it's enough just to say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know we've come to set you free. We have the means, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, want to release you from your imprisonment. You have your eyes. We have come to set you free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need you to come. We need you to be calm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're sending yeah, so we can traverse the storm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I even think like May we send you a messenger to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): talk with you something like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, like it's almost like we're almost like teeing him up for you. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, may we send a
Eric Rosenbaum: We could ask him to create a tunnel through the storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we can bring his eyes. Is that true?
Riswynn: I don't think he feel like it's just sort of disembodied like I don't think he directs it directly, consciously. Yeah, he may not know that it exists. So I didn't know there is a. So that's why we need him to be called
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, there's a storm giant, though that's kind of his demo. But yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but it's ever become calm by asking them to calm down
Eric Rosenbaum: also. True, but telling him where his friends
Eric Rosenbaum: it is a good start.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it's telling him we have his eyes as a good start. It's like, how about we have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Return with your eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have come to set you free.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We we don't want to be mistaken for the people that stole the eyes. Exactly.
Riswynn: We have recovered your eyes for you.
Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I don't know that he knows that he doesn't have the or that they're missing or in need.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He knows he's blind, but he doesn't know that his eyes are missing in need of recovery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that, as you remember nothing about
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when he's in the dream state, he doesn't know why he's blind.
Riswynn: we've come to help you and come to what was your word?
Riswynn: we'll be rescue you for you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, from your unjust
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: impression that it Just how about we have come to set you free.
You
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We have your eyes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've come to heal you
Timothy Sackton: just to help you because it's getting late. Let's let's you know. Yeah, let's do a message Here.
Riswynn: set you free, restore site, or, you know, restore your site, I mean, if that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how about you? We have your eyes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your or or something like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we we need to communicate and just be calm, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, or quiet your minds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so we may
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: return your eyes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then with giants always. The rule of time is to say, please
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is to it.
Riswynn: Say, please, please allow our messenger to approach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Please take comfort in the approach of our in the coming approach of our messenger, or something in the in the dream world. He doesn't know there's a messenger, he's he's just in his dream, right? So he doesn't even know there's a you need to be calm.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then we can students
Riswynn: what? But well, they suggest that we should like te up the idea that we will send a messenger into his dreams.
Riswynn: Okay, I mean, we have. We have enough words to roughly say this right.
Riswynn: Put my put my to bed like this this gist.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and i'll say, Tim, like one of the reasons i'm belaboring. This is out of fear that our DM. Will say we have not said exactly the right formula that unlocks the thing. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think this is good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we have come. We have come to help you. We have your eyes quiet, your minds. Can we send a messenger, whatever this is good? Yeah. A combination of these words, etc.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have your eyes. Our messenger will have your eyes. We will bring you back your eyes so that you'll have them.
Timothy Sackton: So you cast the
Timothy Sackton: to her and speak this message into his mind. And
Timothy Sackton: hold on!
Timothy Sackton: Disney City! One
Timothy Sackton: You get back it's approximately 25 I'm not going to count
Timothy Sackton: cool, Run the curse drank. Korean Wizard has binding magic more powerful than any I've seen before.
Timothy Sackton: and the will to use it, and he will catch dwarves as well as giants.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome! That's a great clue. The for where to start in the dream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, wait. What's what
Eric Rosenbaum: he's talking about you doing this right? Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He thinks he's just been captured.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and he thinks that a friend is coming to rescue.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and he's trying to.
Oh, man
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like you got to. You got to meet him right where exactly there like where he is in that dream I think we have to go into the dream world. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking bitch. Gotta use my fucking cool as power right away. But that's what it's here for. That's what it's for. Man. This is your moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is it. This is why we went into that jungle thousands of miles away.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Riswynn: all right. Next session a great some more. And then we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you really wanted us to run into the storm now. Huh!
Riswynn: I mean it's like You're high level now.
Timothy Sackton: I had a whole set of complications in a little fancy dice roller in my notes that automatically rolls in which complication you would face next. But
Eric Rosenbaum: if we have signed
Eric Rosenbaum: nice
Timothy Sackton: that all of the complications are
Timothy Sackton: get sucked into the dream world. So
Timothy Sackton: maybe it's better to go on your own terms.
Yeah.
yes.
Timothy Sackton: all right. So we will end there as you camp before the storm.
Timothy Sackton: preparing
Timothy Sackton: as it
Timothy Sackton: text as it the sun sinks towards evening.
Timothy Sackton: and we will pick up again. Oh, we didn't. Do we have another session scheduled? Right?
Mike Sackton: Very, very
Timothy Sackton: okay. We'll schedule February, the rest of February. Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.